This will remove the ability from the\nAxe Legion. Are you sure?
Is this report really necessary?\nMore practice with the big puppet today.\nHooray.\n\n(Maximilian Howard)\n\n\nIt's been half a year and I still can't get the damn thing to obey orders. The Commander says psychological resonance or somesuch nonsense is necessary and that's why we've gotta be chained to it. No idea what it even wants, though.\n\nI should give up. I have more luck getting my kids to do what I say than this thing.\nMaybe I should start thinking of the thing as an ornery kid or something. Couldn't be any less effective than what I'm doing now. I'll give that a shot tomorrow.\n\n(Maximilian Howard)
Type R Bardiche Legion
Insufficient Codes.
Ark Data File #002146
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arm has mutated into a giant weapon. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Duty Report 25/12/2077
Fashionista
Researcher M (Gladius)
SER-C-9F6DC-00
BEA-C-AF063-00
Aberration M (Gladius)
Hermit (Sword/Shield)
Complete the specified number of blue cases.
Learn about the game.
Defeat the specified number of enemies using combat items.
Complete the specified number of red cases.
Grand Avenue
R3-A1: Astral Plane
An exclusion zone, sealed off from the other districts of the Ark. Called "Quarantine Valley" by those outside of it.\n\nTwenty years ago, Zone 09 suffered the largest chimeric outbreak in the history of the Ark. To prevent the corruption from spreading to other districts, the government sealed it off, trapping its inhabitants inside.\n\nThe Anti-Chimeric Forces, the precursor to Neuron, eventually succeeded in containing the corruption inside Zone 09. Now, even twenty years later, Zone 09 remains under quarantine to this day, and the UNION government imposes strict limits on who is allowed to enter or exit.
R3-13: Sector V
POW-C-8D1E4-00
Use Air Shot the specified number of times.
An advanced version of the Axe Legion with reinforced regulatory systems, tuned for use by the Raven Corps.
Duty Report: 18/02/2077
Anti-Redshift Medication\n\nThe UNION government began distributing new anti-redshift medications to citizens of the Ark on March 1, 2058. This comes as a response to an uptick in markedly severe cases of redshift, believed to be caused by greater concentrations of corruption in the environment following recent gate appearances.\n\nThe medicine, developed by a team of specialists at the Aegis Research Institute, may reduce the effects of exposure to gate miasma by up to eighty percent with one weekly dose. However, the ARI warns that they cannot guarantee similar effectiveness in cases of direct contact with aberrations.\n\n(Newspaper excerpt, 02/03/2058)
Officer (Gladius)
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arm has mutated into a giant weapon. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Dig up every buried item with the Beast Legion.
Activity Report: Civilian Seminar!\nLocation: Ark Police Headquarters, 10F\nDate: December 25, 2077\nTitle: How YOU Can Avoid Redshift\nSummary:\nUnfortunately, not many people attended. Maybe it was the date? Let's say it was an "intimate, conversational environment."\n\nThe usual crowd of old folks showed up to share some of their hard-earned wisdom, so all in all I'd call the seminar a success! I went over how to tell whether an area is dangerously corrupted or not, and what to do if you think you're starting to redshift, and most of the audience listened!\n\nNote: Lappy was not present for this lecture.\n\nIn other news...\nI can't help but notice that nobody ate any of Lappy's Christmas cookies last night.\nHe told me he got so tired following you all around the office with a plate full of cookies that he just plain overheated! It's a lot of running around for a dog like Lappy to do in the middle of summer!\n\nLappy asked me to thank Captain Max, the one kind soul with enough Christmas spirit to stop for a cookie. Lappy went ahead and let him have everyone else's, too. If you missed out, well, maybe next year!\n\nI thought I'd ask him how they tasted, but he doesn't seem to be here today. He must have one of those Christmas summer colds going around the Ark! But don't worry—Lappy's already whipped up some more sweets for him, since he liked the last ones so much!\n\n(Marie Wentz)
Sword Master
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arm has mutated into a giant weapon. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Similar to the Beast Legion, this chimera moves and attacks like a feral animal, biting and clawing.
R2-2: ARI
R1-B1: ARI
Codename: Lamia\n\nA large but agile Serpent-type chimera that leaps above its prey, slamming down with its own body to attack.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have mutated into a sword and shield. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
An avenue that goes through the heart of Zone 36.
Perform Legion Fusion the specified number of times.
Codename: Kottos\n\nA Power-type chimera that uses its huge body for devastating attacks and sears prey with intense heat.
Zone 09
Finishing Move Master
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arm has mutated into a giant weapon. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Filthwing (Archer)
A Beast-type chimera that attacks with harsh cold as it bites and claws.
R2-6: Zone 36
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have mutated into a sword and shield. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have mutated to form giant claws. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Remember, everyone has to share these facilities. Treat them like you would part of your own home.
Codename: Typhon\n\nAn Arm-type chimera attacks with shotgun-style projectile blasts, allowing it to cover a wide range.
Subway Platform
Codename: Briareos\n\nA Power-type chimera that uses its huge body for devastating attacks.
Unlock all Arrow Legion nodes in Legion Learning.
Red Matter Reducer
????
Duty Report: 02/12/2058
The Nemesis form of the Beast Legion. Without an Astral Chain to regulate it, chimeric instinct drove the Legion to seek out and attack Alicia Lopez.\n\nAfter breaking free, the Beast Nemesis appears to have gathered a pack of Beast-type chimeras. As with the Arrow and Arm Legions, this Legion resurfaced on the Ark to attack Alicia, its former controller.
An advanced version of the Sword Legion with reinforced regulatory systems, tuned for use by the Raven Corps.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have mutated into a sword and shield. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Formerly Yoseph Calvert's top research assistant at the ARI.\n\nMissing and presumed dead for twenty years, Jena has recently reappeared on the Ark—now with amazing physical prowess and the ability to transform her arm into a massive blade. She looks no older than she did on the day she vanished.\n\nThough Jena's extended stay in the Astral Plane has warped her into a half-aberration, it has not caused her to redshift or lose her reason.\n\nJena can travel freely back and forth between the Ark and the Astral Plane. She is the only human known to be able to do so without the help of a Legion.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have mutated to form giant claws. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Chain Jump
Slow Shot Master
Raven Duty Report: Blue Case
Officer (Sword/Shield)
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIt has wings and can hover in midair like a winged chimera.
Hermit (Gladius)
Restrooms
Red Case Closed Lv.2
Parry Professional
Blue Case Closed Lv.3
Aberration F (Claw)
Aberration M (Sword/Shield)
BEA-C-86C3D-00
POW-C-A91F5-00
The Ark Public Railway is a vital part of the Ark's transit infrastructure. Several different lines spread throughout the Ark in a labyrinthine network of tunnels.\nKeeping the entire Ark connected is a tall order, even for a transit authority as sophisticated as the APR.
ARM-C-05EE0-00
R3-17: Ark Mall
Select a save slot.
You cannot use [HUDTEXT:ITEM_NAME ].
Chimeras: Gel
Use Gene Codes to learn\n[HUDTEXT:SKILL_NAME ].
Type R Blade Legion
Beast Nemesis
This will remove the ability from the\nSword Legion. Are you sure?
I wrote this all down as it happened and now I'm putting it here because someone should remember the worst damn thing that ever happened on the Ark. That's my responsibility as a survivor, I guess. Sorry nobody who's actually good at writing made it out alive. I put it all down as best as I can but there's a lot that I didn't know too well to begin with, and a lot more I can't stand to write in detail. So keep that in mind when you read this. If you read this.\n\n---\n\n24/11/2058 0:29\nThe whole disaster response unit got called up at once. We knew right away we were dealing with something like we'd never seen before. You could hear it in the voice of the brass as they gave the order and told us we were going to Zone 09.\n\n---\n\n24/11/2058 0:46\nHere we are. They tried to fill us in on the way over, but they undersold how bad it'd be. The whole zone's toast at street level. Any humans left unredshifted went upwards, they say, towards the tops of the buildings to get away.\n\nThe moment our choppers touched down, we immediately started loading people back on them to get them out. But there aren't enough helicopters. Captain took one look at the scene and immediately called for backup. No headcount or anything. He didn't need one. Not sure the backup ever came.\n\nIt already feels like we've been here forever. Gonna gather a posse and see what we can find down below.\n\n---\n\nMore aberrations the lower we go. It's not like how we do it on the outside. No clearance from the UNION necessary, no reports to file afterwards. Just kill, kill, kill through the aberrations and hope there's any survivors to be found.\n\n---\n\nI don't know how long it's been since the last time I wrote. I know the sun came up and it felt like I'd never seen light before. Then I saw that light was glinting off a giant goddamn wall coming up all around.\n\nWhatever that wall is, I get the feeling we're on the wrong side of it. We hurried back up to the roofs like we were trying to race it.\n\n---\n\nThe captain was the only one still there. He waited around for us, bless him.\n\nHow did he say it? "The UNION made the call, boys. They're cutting this zone off." There were still survivors down below and he knew that. But I guess orders are orders.\n\nHe said our ride out would be there in an hour. The way I saw it I had an hour to save whoever I could and I took off running. I found out later that I'd have probably died along with the captain and the rest if I'd stayed. I fought like hell but in the end, I could only save a few people including two babies who I figure must have found the worst possible time and place in human history to be born.\n\nWhen I looked down from the hatch of the helicopter that finally took me out of there, the only thing I could see below me was more faces watching us fly away without them. That's all.\n\nTruth be told (and I know maybe they're reading this, and I don't care) I don't have any more reasons to stay in this shit outfit, following orders for this shit government, except I found something I have to keep safe. Those two babies I wrote about before. As long as I have them I know there's something new and pure and just in this world that I can protect. I have a reason to keep fighting until the whole world is like that again.\n\n(Maximilian Howard)
????
Researcher F (Claw)
Jena Aberrant
Researcher M (Sword/Shield)
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have mutated into a sword and shield. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Case Number: OQ15-b857a841\nDate Registered: 03/07/2078\nLocation: Zone 31 Artificial Nature Park\nSummary: Retrieval of lost pet\n\nCaptain Akira Howard took it upon themselves to handle this civilian request personally. With the cooperation of other Ravens, Captain Howard used a Wolf Legion to trace the missing dog to a newly-formed gate.\n\nThe Artificial Nature Park was immediately closed off upon discovery of the gate.\n\nCaptain Howard entered the Astral Plane in search of the missing dog, but was unable to find it. After Captain Howard personally notified the owner, other Ravens on scene eliminated the gate.\n\nWhereabouts of the missing dog remain unknown. No officer or civilian injury to report.
Collect the specified amount of G.
Once the chimeras are down, Hal meets up with you and Olive. The three of you set off to find Brenda.
Delay Attack
A gifted scientist and Yoseph's former assistant. As his right hand, she proved invaluable to his research into saving humankind. However, one day, she disappeared without a trace.\n\nNow, nearly twenty years since Jena's disappearance, she has reappeared on the Ark. More powerful than ever before, Jena is determined to put an end to Yoseph's work.
Defeat the specified number of enemies. Then tell Billy...
Play selected files
A Gel-type chimera with a flexible, rubbery body. It attacks by spewing electrified mucus from its mouth.
Use the specified number of items.
Complete File 04 with an S+ rank.
An autonomous support drone equipped with a machine gun, primarily used to defend against aberrations.
Red Matter Remover: File 09
R1-10: Harmony Square
Clean up more than 80 percent of the Red Matter in File 07.
R1-3: Ark Mall
Legionis Dominus
UNCHAINED
Feline Friend: File 06
A gun nut whose mouth shoots off almost as quick as his blaster. Somehow able to understand what Sarah says. Joey puts on a tough-guy act, hoping nobody notices how thoughtful and caring he can be.
Upgrade the X-Baton and Legatus.
Complete File 04.
Successfully saved data.
Adopt the cat in File 08.
Aberrations
Vendor-0
Revolt
Take a photo of Olive and Brenda together at HQ.
Perform Legion maintenance.
Close your PC?
Complete the game with an S+ rank on Pt Standard and Pt Ultimate play styles.
Photo: Do NOT Show Marie!
GEL-C-CB186-00
Jena Anderson
Model Officer
Help
Gunner Drone
Items
Defeat the rare chimera (GEL-C-A070C-00) in File 07.
Slime Splatter: File 09
Get the dirty rag from the toilet in File 08.
Joey Wood
[HUDTEXT:ITEM_NAME ] x [HUDTEXT:ITEM_NUM ]
A test unit for the Vendor series of AI-equipped vending machines, liberated and reverse-engineered by the Hermits. Now, it sits in Sector V, selling Hermitonic, a strange concoction made by the Hermits themselves.\n\nThe Hermits also made tweaks to the AI, making Vendor-0 outspoken and prone to overcharging non-Hermits.
Nature Calls: File 06
Browse the items you're carrying.
Set Legion abilities.
Get the emergency blanket from the toilet in File 07.
Nature Calls: File 09
Defeat the rare chimera (GEL-C-A070C-00) in File 08.
Sharpshooter
Slime Splatter: File 06
No trip to Zone 36 is complete without a stop by at least one of these fine drinking establishments.\nThese buildings are as old as the Ark itself. Constantly expanded, but never torn down and rebuilt, they double as a museum of Ark architectural trends.
Change equipment and equipment colors.
Save color to the selected slot.
HUM-C-F5DB3-01
GEL-C-9A7EC-00
Sync Keep Master
Earn the specified amount of Duty Points.
Take a picture of a Sector V specialty.
Reorganize
Photo: Hello, Partner!
Homunculus γ
A Beast-type chimera split off from Teumessian. Like its parent chimera, it attacks with electricity.
Feline Friend: File 09
R1-14: Sector V
R1-7: Ark Mall
Adopt the cat in File 07.
Accord
Red Matter Remover: File 06
Save data could not be created\nbecause there is not enough space.
Unlock one Axe Legion node in Legion Learning.
Chimeras: Shell
Clean up more than 80 percent of the Red Matter in File 08.
Codename: Pygmalion\n\nA Humanoid-type chimera that specializes in vicious claw attacks. It is highly agile, making it difficult to defeat. A more powerful version of HUM-C-F5DB3-00, with an even more violent temperament.
Bar District
A Gel-type chimera with a flexible, rubbery body. It attacks by spewing burning mucus from its mouth.
Summer Avalanche
Blueshift your first civilian.
Itemaniac Lv.1
Chimeradicator Lv.2
Accord: S+
BEA-C-B37F9-DIV
Gene Code Glutton Lv.1
A colossal living weapon created by Jena Anderson.\n\nFurther evolved from the Beta homunculus, this bipedal version mimics human motion. It appears more intelligent than previous versions.
Red Matter Remover: File 08
Clean up more than 80 percent of the Red Matter in File 06.
R1-13: Ark Transport
The largest shopping mall on the Ark. Ark Mall has been closed to the public since a recent gate outbreak rendered it unsafe. Since closing, it's been used as a base of operations for some of the Ark's bolder criminal element.
Axe Scholar
A strong, silent type, Sarah can almost always be found with her partner, Joey, who somehow seems to know exactly what she's thinking.
Feline Friend: File 07
Complete File 05.
Create new save data?
Chimeras: Arrow
Chimeras: Power
Adopt the cat in File 09.
Vendor-3 (Shy)
You bring Akira back to Hal's hideout. As you plan to put an end to Yoseph's plans, Akira demands to come along.
Collect the specified number of Gene Codes.
Charge Attack
Your fight against Jena took a toll on your body, causing you to fuse with your Legion. Three days later, you wake up...
Blueshifter Lv.1
A police veteran who formerly served on the counter-chimera task force that would eventually become Neuron. When Neuron was formally established, Max's ability and experience made him an easy choice for captain.\n\nWhile in the field during the Pandemic—the worst chimeric outbreak in the history of the Ark—Max saved a pregnant woman on the verge of giving birth. She died during childbirth, but not before Max promised to take in her twins and raise them as his own.\n\nMax raised the twins with as much love and care as he could muster, wanting nothing more than a peaceful life for them. Much to his chagrin, both of them have followed in his footsteps and not only become police, but full-fledged members of Neuron.
Eat an Avalanche Special from Rästner's without dropping any.
Codename: Poseidon\n\nA large Gel-type chimera with an electrified body. It attacks by extending its tongue.
Complete File 05 with an S+ rank.
Defeat the specified number of enemies. Then tell Billy...
View all database info.
Use the specified number of items.
Living weaponry created by Jena Anderson, based on counter-chimeric research from the ARI. These immobile organisms are part of a symbiotic system with smaller pods that they manipulate to emit high-energy lasers that effectively block off territory.
Defeat the rare chimera (GEL-C-A070C-00) in File 06.
Get the specified number of headshots with the Arrow Legion.
Slime Splatter: File 08
Ark Mall
Get the wet tissue from the toilet in File 09.
Sarah Bennett
Uprising
Nature Calls: File 07
Vendor-3 is part of a series of vending machines that sells beverages throughout the Ark.\n\nVendor-3 comes equipped with an AI that helps customers shop and makes small talk. This AI recognizes specific customers and provides specialized recommendations, no matter which Vendor-3 unit they use. Sometimes, the AI seems almost frighteningly sophisticated.\n\nThe typical Vendor-3 AI is designed to appeal to the widest possible variety of customers. However, this particular unit seems a bit more shy than most, for some reason...
Check Legion strength and abilities.
Fugitives
Take a photo of Lappy holding a balloon.
Change Legion colors.
There are still unchecked files.\nClose this screen?
Photo: Upper's Delight
GEL-C-CB186-01
Maximilian Howard
Use Sync Keep the specified number of times.
Long Arm of the Law
Load
Laser Generator (Body)
Map
GEL-C-9A7EC-01
Earn the specified amount of Duty Points.
Take a photo of Alan in a bind.
Change to this HUD color?
Abilities
Homunculus β
Photo: Best Friends
All Pure Platinum
R2-9: Water Bureau
Get the Hermit pamphlet from the toilet in File 06.
Nature Calls: File 08
Reorder Legion types.
Defeat the rare chimera (GEL-C-A070C-00) in File 09.
Slime Splatter: File 07
HUM-C-16C28-00
Switch to the selected color set.
Codename: Zeus\n\nA large Gel-type chimera. It has proportionally larger hands than other Gel-types, which it uses to attack. Its body is also extremely hot.
Spin Command
Siege: S+
Itemaniac Lv.2
Chimeradicator Lv.1
Retirement Fund Lv.1
A colossal living weapon created by Jena Anderson.\n\nUnlike the Alpha homunculus, this homunculus is fully formed. It can move around on four legs and climb walls easily.
Feline Friend: File 08
R1-4: Maison Forest
Adopt the cat in File 06.
Siege
Red Matter Remover: File 07
There was an error writing save data.\nReturn to game without saving?
Unlock all Legion nodes for all Legions.
Chimeras: Wing
The younger of a pair of twins, orphaned at birth and raised by a police officer named Max Howard. When they came of age, Akira and his sister both decided to follow in Max's footsteps and join the Ark Police.\n\nPerhaps because their mother was in the throes of redshift during her pregnancy, Akira and his sister possess an uncommonly high innate Legion sync rate. This made the two of them natural candidates for Neuron.\n\nThe original Akira vanished along with Noah. However, traces of his memories remained inside his Legion. Dr. Brenda Moreno was able to transplant these memories into one of Yoseph's clones. The result was not a perfect copy, but still a living, thinking Akira.
Clean up more than 80 percent of the Red Matter in File 09.
Codename: Hector\n\nA Humanoid-type chimera that attacks fiercely with a giant weapon. Hector has an even wider range of attack than Diomedes and should be approached with extreme caution.
Pt ULTIMATE
A former traffic enforcement officer, Marie was brought into Neuron to help with office management and general affairs. She helps Neuron officers out with the day-to-day parts of their job that don't involve fighting chimeras. She's familiar with the ins and outs of Neuron's facilities, and handles orientation for new recruits.\n\nMarie is cheerful and hardworking, though more than a little clumsy and not particularly self-aware.
Aberration F (Gladius)
SER-C-C85B9-00
BEA-C-E2921-01
Hermit (Claw)
Complete the specified number of blue cases.
Change user options.
Parry the specified number of attacks with the Axe Legion.
Complete the specified number of red cases.
Removing [HUDTEXT:ITEM_NAME ] from the slot.\nAre you sure?
Chain Bind + Sync
Ark Sewer Management
An autonomous quasi-state, built on the rooftops of long-abandoned buildings in Zone 09 by people known as the Uppers. Sector V is the largest Upper camp in Zone 09, and home to the zone's largest junk market.
R3-10: Water Bureau
Deleting selection.\nAre you sure?
They told me to write whatever I wanted, so long as I wrote, so okay, I'm writing. Someone's gotta keep a record of all this. It might as well be me. Not that anyone's ever gonna see it anyway.\n\nTo give my most honest impression, all this feels like I've been invited out by a senior officer and dropped in a raw situation as a cruel prank.\n\nMy dad was a cop, too, and I always wanted to be just like him. I had dreams of saving the world, all that. But when you get out on the front lines for real, there's not any kind of hope that won't get shaken just a bit. I can feel mine shaking pretty hard right now.\n\nTwo more of my squad turned today. Kevin and Shintaro.\nThere's no words for how it feels when a squaddie had your back yesterday and you've gotta kill him to survive today. No good ones, anyway.\n\nNo words for the feeling when you realize it could be you tomorrow. How are you supposed to keep the peace with a feeling like that kicking around in your head?\n\nNothing you can do but try and ignore it long enough to get out there and destroy more of the damn gates, hoping there's an end to them someday.\n\nThat's enough writing for now. I better get moving.\n\n(Maximilian Howard)
Axe Nemesis
Administer Gene Codes to your Legion?
Chain Bind + Sync
Ark Data File #000103
Poison Tentacle
Mitsuru passed Neuron's strict screening process, despite his frail constitution. Still, he does frequently get hurt on the job, and is somehow always sick, so he spends a lot of time in the infirmary. He's not really sure why he's in Neuron to begin with.
Researcher F (Gladius)
Arrow Master
A larger, more cunning version of BEA-C-E2921-00. It generates more heat than its smaller cohort.
R2-1: Zone 36
R1-B2: Police HQ
Codename: Hydra\n\nA Serpent-type chimera that prefers to remain partially burrowed in the ground.
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arm has mutated into a giant weapon. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Marie Wentz
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have mutated to form giant claws. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
"[HUDTEXT:MISSION_NAME ]" completed.
Made note of "[HUDTEXT:KEYWORD_NAME ]."
All water used by and distributed to the residents of the Ark is regulated and processed at this facility, which also controls and maintains artificial rainfall levels.
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a successful Chain Bind.
Perform finishing moves the specified number of times.
Sector V
The Nemesis form of the Axe Legion. Without an Astral Chain to regulate it, the Axe Legion is driven by base, chimeric instinct.\n\nThe Axe Nemesis resurfaced on the Ark with Max Howard's Legatus hanging from its neck. This suggests that Max himself may have found and attempted to recapture his former Legion after his disappearance.\n\nMax Howard's whereabouts remain unknown.
Use Slow Shot the specified number of times.
Duty Report: 16/01/2053
February 2043. Earth found itself faced with disaster, brought about by a meteor impact that opened the gates to the Astral Plane.\n\nMatter the likes of which Earth has never seen leaks through the gates as a toxic miasma, twisting everything it touches, eventually beyond recognition. We have come to call this process "redshift." At the current rate, redshift poses a very significant threat to our species.\n\nNot a word of this came as a surprise to me. And yet, I had thus far been powerless to stop it. I must confess my judgement at the time was clouded.\n\nThe Prophets. Those who find the future written in the past. They sought me out for my research; after all, we share an interest in human evolutionary potential. They had much to tell me about the true history of our species. They say that humankind flourishes now like it has twice before. The previous two times, it met with utter ruin. Weighed in the balance and found wanting. The gates present a third such test.\n\nNot that I took these Prophets at their literal word, not at first. After all, their means are not scientific. However, even I cannot deny that all they foretold came to pass. I pledged to them—to my species—that I would do all in my power to stop this extinction. To save humankind.\n\nAnd they told me: Build an Ark.\n\nAt their guidance, I gathered a considerable staff and constructed a new home, where humankind found refuge from what might have been our doom. It has been an arduous undertaking, far beyond even myself, but luckily I now have allies that I can trust to the grave.\n\nNow is the time for us to greet our future together.\n\n(Excerpt from Dr. Yoseph Calvert's collected notes, "Per Aspera Ad Arcam")
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a successful Chain Bind.
Mysterious tentacles that sprout from the floors, walls, and ceilings, spewing a pungent and poisonous mucus. 
Chain Jump Attack
Clean up the specified amount of Red Matter.
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arm has mutated into a giant weapon. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Mitsuru Aiba
To all of my friends at Neuron,\n\nIt sure is lonely here in the basement of Police headquarters, now that all of you have been reassigned to different precincts. Even Akira is pretty scarce these days! I guess being captain of the Ravens must keep you pretty busy.\n\nEven though I never get a chance to see your smiling faces in these halls, I hope you all know I'm cheering for you as hard as ever!! Everyone here on the Ark depends on you to keep us safe, yours truly included. So don't forget, okay?\n\nFinally, I have some bad news. I received a letter telling me I've been reassigned. As of today, I'm officially back with the traffic enforcement department. You all know what that means: No more Marie at Neuron. And, even more tragically... No more Lappy. But don't worry about us. Lappy and me, we'll get by.\n\nWho knows? Maybe you'll see me out there someday while you're crossing the street! If you do, you better say hi!!\n\nForever yours,\nMarie Wentz\n\nP.S. As a parting gift to Neuron, I'll be sure to get these floors so clean you could eat off them before I go!!
Chain Bind + Sync
Excavator Lv.2
Ark Zone 09 Residual Corruption Examination Report\nAegis Research Institute - Counter-Corruption Department Head\n27/04/2078\n\nGoals of the examination:\nTo determine the level of data corruption still present in Zone 09 twenty years after the Pandemic and the feasibility of lifting quarantine\n\nExamination period:\n10:00 to 16:00, April 20 through 23, 2078.\n\nEquipment used:\nIntegrated Reality Imaging System ("IRIS")\n\nStaff:\nExamination leader: REDACTED\nREDACTED, REDACTED, REDACTED\n\nResults of the examination:\nSixty-three locations within 500 square meters of Zone 09 were flagged to indicate high amounts of corruption. These locations present a particularly high risk of dimensional instability, and examination staff visually confirmed the presence of several gates. The chance of chimeric invasion in these locations is five times higher than that in Grand Avenue, one of the areas outside of the exclusion zone most susceptible to chimeric attack.\n\nA previous inspection conducted ten years prior found 49 such areas. The results of this inspection suggest that the level of corruption within Zone 09 is indeed increasing over time. It is unknown whether the deposits of Red Matter found within Zone 09 have remained there since the Pandemic, or whether they are new deposits. Tests on samples have thus been inconclusive.\n\nThese results suggest that Zone 09 is in no way ready for the quarantine to be lifted. We suggest continuing to observe the conditions in the zone remotely while working towards an effective decontamination solution.
The Nemesis form of the Sword Legion. Without an Astral Chain to regulate it, the Sword Legion is driven to rampage by base, chimeric instinct.
An advanced version of the Beast Legion with reinforced regulatory systems, tuned for use by the Raven Corps.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have mutated to form giant claws. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Completely clad in black armor, officers of the Raven Corps enjoy full control over their Legions.\n\nRavens are typically masked at all times. Removing their helmets reveals the truth: The entire corps is made up of clones of Akira, and thus share Akira's affinity with the Legions as a Legionis.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have mutated into a sword and shield. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Sync Attacks
Air Shot Master
Raven Duty Report: Red Case
Officer (Claw)
Co-op
Fusion Master
Filthwing (Gladius)
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have mutated to form giant claws. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Codename: Orthrus\n\nA larger, more cunning variation of BEA-C-4AE2E-00. It generates more powerful winds than its smaller cohort.
R2-5: Astral Plane
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have mutated into a sword and shield. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Fast, quiet and nimble, rotorless jet helicopters are Neuron's preferred means of transportation.\nA maintenance hangar lies just beneath the heliport at police HQ, and the crew keeps every chopper ready to fly at a moment's notice.
BEA-C-A0DEF-00
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a successful Chain Bind.
Codename: Crius\n\nA chimera similar in form to the Arm Legion. Crius is deadly at close range, but can also fire a powerful laser from a distance.
Containment Wall V
Codename: Minotaur\n\nA Power-type chimera with especially unpredictable attack patterns.\n
Unlock all Sword Legion nodes in Legion Learning.
Chain Bind + Sync
Ark Data File #005197
Collect every piece of equipment.
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a successful Chain Bind.
[HUDTEXT:SKILL_NAME ] learned!
Duty Report 03/07/2078
Type R Wolf Legion
Sword Nemesis
This will remove the ability from the\nArrow Legion. Are you sure?
R1-8: Sector V
Researcher F (Sword/Shield)
Raven Officer
Researcher M (Claw)
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have mutated to form giant claws. It fights similarly to a Humanoid chimera.
Case Number: UF88-65c423d4\nDate Registered: 03/07/2078\nLocation: Zone 21 Energy Processing Center\nSummary: Large chimera disposal\n\nResponded to gate appearance at the Zone 21 Energy Processing Center. Made visual confirmation of the large Gel-type chimera (codename "Hades"). Appearance of the chimera necessitated formation of an ad hoc disposal team.\n\nTo reduce potential damage to the facilities, we lured Hades back into the gate and engaged with it in the Astral Plane. Two Heavy Arm Legions proved sufficient for this purpose.\n\nAll responding Ravens pursued Hades through the Astral Plane. Target was successfully eliminated without injury to any energy processing center employees. One Raven officer suffered minor injuries resulting from rapid adjustment to the Astral Plane, but this presented no danger to the operation.\n\nNotes:\n\nConfirmed structural aberration in one area of the energy processing center. Ark energy production is expected to fall approximately two percent until this contamination is properly removed. Removal will take an estimated one month.
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIt has wings and can hover in midair like a winged chimera.
Codename: Sphinx\n\nA Beast-type chimera that moves and attacks more quickly than any other known Beast type.
Red Case Closed Lv.3
Heliport
Ted's Best Customer
Blue Case Closed Lv.2
Aberration F (Sword/Shield)
BEA-C-4AE2E-01
Aberration M (Claw)
POW-C-75C4F-00
The massive, corruption-resistant containment wall that separates Zone 09 from the rest of the Ark. It looms high over the exclusion zone, a constant reminder to those within of their isolation.\nFor those outside the wall, Zone 09 and the Uppers who live inside it are largely out of sight, out of mind.
ARM-C-DE08C-00
Chain Bind + Sync
R3-14: Zone 36
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a successful Chain Bind.
Change UI display items.
Switching [HUDTEXT:ITEM_NAME ] with\nwith [HUDTEXT:ITEM_NAME ].\nAre you sure?
Defeat the rare chimera (GEL-C-A070C-00) in File 04.
Increases Axe Legion attack power.
Harmony Square
Sword Legion
Codename: Lampas\n\nA giant, black Shell-type chimera that appeared at the ARI during a period of dramatic dimensional instability.
Kay Watson
R3-B2: Highway
Adding this color to Favorites.\nAre you sure?
Unchained Mode is an automatic battle\nsystem. Would you like to turn it on?\nYou can turn it off/on from the menu.
HUM-C-5D0C8-00
Check the area map and objectives.
Max's Legatus is still attached to the rogue Axe Legion. Akira chases it into the Astral Plane, leaving you to follow.
Vendor-3 is part of a series of vending machines that sells beverages throughout the Ark.\n\nVendor-3 comes equipped with an AI that helps customers shop and makes small talk. This AI recognizes specific customers and provides specialized recommendations, no matter which Vendor-3 unit they use. Sometimes, the AI seems almost frighteningly sophisticated.
Nature Calls: File 05
Maintain and customize Legions.
You cover for Yoseph as he escapes. Jena takes Blue Evolve and vows to catch up with Yoseph after dealing with you.
Yoseph Calvert
SHE-C-1B635-00
Photo: Get Me Down!
Ark Beautification Society
This will remove the ability from\nits slot. Are you sure?
Hermit Pilot
Use Auto-Bind the specified number of times.
Gunner Drone (Hermit)
Deceit
Increases Beast Legion attack power.
Attack +[HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]%
The Sword Legion can\nlearn these skills and traits.
The heart of Zone 33. The Ark's answer to the long-lost Times Square, with huge billboards and monitors on the faces of every building.
Clean up more than 80 percent of the Red Matter in File 04.
Codename: Astraeus-Capaneus\n\nA Humanoid-type chimera formed from both Astraeus and Capaneus. This combined form has the properties of both component chimeras, plus more powerful long range attacks.
Purchase and sell items.
Complete File 07.
Feline Friend: File 05
Generally bound to her desk in Neuron HQ. Kay is well-versed on all sorts of items and their effects, but usually can't be bothered to explain them to anyone.
SHE-C-2F4ED-00
Vendor-3
Axe
Salvation
You will lose existing save data in this save slot. Is that okay?\nYou cannot undo this.
Play the selected save data?
Showdown
Salvation: S+
Access File Select, Database, and Save.
Codename: Naiad\n\nA Shell-type chimera capable of controlling humans to attack in its place.
Complete File 07 with an S+ rank.
A brilliant scientist and one of very few people aware of the truth behind the destruction wrought by the Astral Plane: It is part of a repeating cycle, designed to prevent life on Earth from developing too far. He put this knowledge to use to save humankind from seemingly inevitable disaster.\n\nYoseph spearheaded the project to create living weapons to fight back against the invisible chimeric invaders—and thus the Legions were born. He established Neuron, a special task force within the police, to control his Legions, and appointed himself as commander.
A member of the Holy Order of the Digital Hermit who fights from a distance with the help of anti-personnel drones. The drones won't stop fighting until the pilot's taken out.
Attack +[HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]%
The boundaries between Zone 09 and the Astral Plane blur as you pursue Douglas. You finally near the end of the line.
A police drone hijacked and modified by the Hermits to take out anyone not authorized to be in their territory. It's equipped with a modified machine gun.
This Shell-type chimera is not proficient at combat. However, it has a strong protective shell that it can share with other chimeras by transferring energy. As it transfers this energy, the chimera itself is enveloped in a protective barrier that can only be destroyed by the Axe Legion.
Check details of the selected case.
Declaration
Complicit: S+
Increases Arm Legion attack power.
Complete File 08 with an S+ rank.
A member of the Holy Order of the Digital Hermit, who enhance their physical abilities with Blue Evolve.\n\nAttacks with a stun gun modified to work against chimeras.
Free the toilet faerie.
Attack +[HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]%
Complete File 08.
The Beast Legion can learn\nthese skills and traits.
Deliverance from ruin;\ndeliverance from sin.
Complicit
Increases Arrow Legion attack power.
Adopt the cat in File 04.
View your saved photos.
Abort the File in progress and\nproceed to File Results?
Redemption
Red Matter Remover: File 05
Harmony Square East
Codename: Laius\n\nA Humanoid-type chimera that attacks with an arm adapted to resemble a large sword. Although fundamentally similar to HUM-C-84DF5-00, Laius is larger and attacks more precisely.
Walls
A Legion created from an Arm-type chimera, and capable of powerful close-range strikes from the massive arms that give it its name. It's also equipped with close-range firearms.\n\nThe Arm Legion is very physically powerful, and can lift and move heavy objects that even other Legion types cannot.\n\nIt can split its body into separate parts and form into armor around its Legionis, increasing their physical defense and offensive power, as well as allowing them to levitate.
Go to the selected destination?
SHE-C-C10CD-00
Jena Anderson hijacks the Ark's communications network and threatens action against the UNION. Find her and stop her.
Speed Star Master
Attack +[HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]%
Take a photo of a twin under anesthesia.
Hermit Shocker
There aren't enough empty slots\nto set this ability.
Beast Legion
Increases Sword Legion attack power.
Get the old flyer from the toilet in File 04.
Attack +[HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]%
Your bravery against the homunculus earned your reinstatement to Neuron. Yoseph orders you and Akira to help with cleanup.
Arm Legion
Return to File 12?
Customize your look.
You may think walls only exist to keep things separated—Not so on the Ark.\nWalls like these course through the Ark like veins, connecting upper and lower levels. The complex system of pipelines that run through them is a miracle of civil engineering.
HUM-C-84DF5-01
On the east side of the Harmony Square intersection, you'll find the distinctive Square Mega Vision building.\nAEF Records is a major destination for the Ark's younger generation, selling a huge variety of digital music, movies and more.
Saving color edits to this slot.\nAre you sure?
Slime Splatter: File 05
R2-12: Ark Mall
Kyle Merkulov
ARI Entrance
You rescue Alicia and the two of you fight your way through the subway. Finally, the chimera responsible for the explosions appears.
Beast Master
Initiation
An outbreak of gates is reported throughout Central City in Zone 36. As police race to the scene, a plan is set in motion.
Break-In
Auto-Bind
The Ark's oldest department store, Rayleigh Plaza has stood on the corner of Grand Avenue in Zone 36 nearly since the Ark was completed. Many inhabitants of the Ark prefer it to the crowded, noisy atmosphere of Harmony Square.
Giving up on [HUDTEXT:MISSION_NAME ].\nAre you sure?
Automatically Chain Binds all enemies within the area of effect.
Aegis Research Institute
A Wing-type chimera that attacks with feathers and talons infused with freezing cold.
Stealth Bind the specified number of people.
Know Your Enemy Lv.2
Items Locked
Astral Plane
Codename: Tartarus\n\nA giant, black Power-type chimera that appeared in Zone 09 after Douglas fled through a gate.
Use Gravity Storm the specified number of times.
Howl Master
Auto-Bind
Pick up every dropped item.
Mike Boone
Witness testimony places Jena in the abandoned Ark Mall. Neuron breaks into the mall to catch her once and for all.
Switching Items
Loss
A living weapon called the Legion opened your eyes to the chimeric threat. It's time to meet your new squad: Neuron.
Deal the specified amount of total damage with Gladius Mode.
Flame
The Aegis Research Institute is a massive facility, but the most interesting departments are high above the main entrance at the center.\nThe enormous, pristine building that houses the ARI was designed to instill a sense of respect, awe and, dare say it, a touch of fear for the important work that goes on inside.
The leader of the hacker collective known as the Holy Order of the Digital Hermit. Kyle assumed leadership of the Hermits after their previous leader disappeared.\n\nThe Hermits' stated mission is protecting the quarantined Zone 09 and the people who live there. They support their mission illicitly, through hacking and selling information. However, under Kyle's guidance, they've started taking a more aggressive approach. Several known Hermits are currently wanted for burglaries taking place outside of Zone 09.\n\nThough Kyle's methods may differ from the Hermits' previous leader's, his goals are the same. He sincerely believes in protecting Zone 09, no matter the cost. He one day hopes to strike back at the UNION government that abandoned Zone 09 in the first place.
Your search leads you to the Hermits, a hacker gang mentioned in Jena's files. New information in hand, you try breaking into their base.
Rush
Rayleigh Plaza
Automatically Chain Binds all enemies within the area of effect.
Check Order progress and rewards.
WIG-C-985BE-00
A UNION Government research facility, primarily concerned with chimeras and the Astral Plane. Under the guidance of Yoseph Calvert, the ARI has developed several counter-chimeric drugs and weapons. The ARI also houses the largest medical facilities on the Ark that can effectively treat redshift.\n\nAll human knowledge regarding chimeras and the Astral Plane is likely stored somewhere behind the locked doors of the ARI.
Auto-Bind
R3-3: ARI
POW-C-D82C0-00
An infinitely vast dimension, wholly alien to our own. Wormholes known as "gates" connect the Earth to the Astral Plane.\n\nThe Astral Plane is a harsh place, permeated by chimeric corruption and made up entirely of cubes of crystallized data. It is believed to be completely uninhabitable, except to chimeras.
Automatically Chain Binds all enemies within the area of effect.
Three days after Max goes MIA in the Astral Plane, you wake up in a somber Neuron HQ.
Infiltration
[BTN:LS ] 360 degree spin +[BTN:R2 ]
The process of setting something\nin motion; beginning.
Mike is a kind-hearted animal lover. If he sees an animal in trouble, he'll drop everything to save it—a trait which has earned him both the love of his Neuron squadmates and more than a few reprimands from the commander.
The process of being born again;\nthe start of a new natural cycle
Thank you for playing! You can now access File 12 by loading a save file with finished game data.
Auto-Bind
HUM-C-EA76E-00
Archer Protolegion
HUM-C-000-00
A formal agreement between\nparties; to coexist harmoniously.
Final Noah Prime
Just as peace returns to Maison Forest, the renegade Arrow Legion appears and drags Akira into the Astral Plane.
Identity
Hold [BTN:R2 ]
You are locked up for entering Zone 09 without permission... But it isn't long before Neuron needs your help again.
A few days after the subway incident, Hal calls to let you know he's analyzed the data card you received from Jena.
Gifts
R3-7: Sector V
WIG-C-76E8F-00
Massive pipelines like these carry the very lifeblood of the Ark. Electricity, water, communications data and more—All of it passes through this network of tunnels.\nThe pipes themselves are encased in tremendously durable silicon carbide ceramic.
Auto-Bind
Supply Snatcher Lv.2
Automatically Chain Binds all enemies within the area of effect.
A Humanoid protolegion equipped with an energy bow.\nThis unsuccessful Legion prototype's targeting system was deemed too inaccurate for Neuron use.
Codename: Agamemnon\n\nA giant, black Humanoid-type chimera that appeared at the ARI during a period of dramatic dimensional instability.
Yoseph summons Neuron to the command room and orders you all to track down the suspect wanted for attacking the ARI.
Legion Attacks
Arrow
Attacking
Use Chain Drive the specified number of times.
Faced with its imminent destruction, Noah Prime becomes consumed with a rage powerful enough to cross dimensions. Taking a decidedly demonic turn towards black and red and growing an additional set of arms, Noah Prime became the greatest threat our dimension has ever known.
Codename: Aether\n\nAn incredibly powerful Humanoid-type chimera that seems to have powers comparable to those of Noah Prime.
Register the specified number of enemies. Then tell Richard...
Caught
Round Bullet Master
Communication
Simply Stunning
The fight against Jena left Akira nearly dead. As you and Olive worry, Brenda approaches with good news.
R2-16: Zone 36
The younger of a pair of twins, orphaned at birth and raised by a police officer named Max Howard. When they came of age, Akira and her brother both decided to follow in Max's footsteps and join the Ark Police.\n\nPerhaps because their mother was in the throes of redshift during her pregnancy, Akira and her brother possess an uncommonly high innate Legion sync rate. This made the two of them natural candidates for Neuron.\n\nThe original Akira vanished along with Noah. However, traces of her memories remained inside her Legion. Dr. Brenda Moreno was able to transplant these memories into one of Yoseph's clones. The result was not a perfect copy, but still a living, thinking Akira.\n
Pipeline
R2-A2: Astral Plane
A Wing-type chimera that attacks by shooting bladed feathers and by diving and slashing with its sharp talons.
R2-B2: Zone 09
Automatically Chain Binds all enemies within the area of effect.
You have not set a name.
Unlock all Arm Legion nodes in Legion Learning.
Know Your Enemy Lv.3
Hypermegafloat Ark
GEL-C-AC61E-DIV
Use Round Bullet the specified number of times.
A Humanoid protolegion with huge, powerful arms.\nThis unsuccessful Legion prototype was unable to properly regulate itself as its weight shifted during combat, and was deemed unfit for Neuron use.
Codename: Deimos\n\nA giant, black Elemental-type chimera that caused an outbreak of explosions in the Zone 33 Harmony Square subway station.
Power Charge
Unchains the Legion for a fierce combo.
Chain Drive Master
Living weaponry created by Jena Anderson. These pods disperse deadly gas until the gas generator body that controls them is destroyed.
Avery Powell
Open the specified number of supply crates during Files other than Rebirth.
Assault
Locking On
The View from Hal's Hideout
R2-11: ARI
Lappy
Arm Master
Chaos
Manually saved data to slot A.
Changing costume.\nAre you sure?
Power Charge
Unchains the Legion for a fierce combo.
Accepting [HUDTEXT:MISSION_NAME ].\nAre you sure?
An elevated highway that runs through—or rather above—Zone 36.
Restricted District
Boosts attack power of you and the Legion.
Stun the specified number of enemies.
ELE-C-F67BD-00
Glove Protolegion
Smaller Gel-type chimeras that split off from Ares.
Foreseeing the extinction-level disaster that was to come, a cabal of prophets began construction on a massive artificial island.\n\nAs disaster struck and corruption from the Astral Plane left their homelands uninhabitable, people from all over the world gathered on this island. In the years to come, they rebuilt human society together on the new home they called The Ark.
Hit Rush
Boosts attack power of you and the Legion.
Gas Generator (Pod)
You return to Maison Forest, leaving the victim in the drone's care, to help Akira deal with more chimeric activity.
Roused, as if from sleep or\ninactivity; aware of reality.
Very strong and super energetic, Avery is prone to jumping into action before getting the full story. Rumor has it she was higher on the waiting list to be issued a Legion, but the Neuron brass decided to wait until she kicked her energy drink habit.
The avenging of past misdeeds;\nfinal judgement.
Lappy the Police Dog is the mascot of the Ark Police. His name is short for Laelaps, taken from a mythological hunting dog that never failed to catch his quarry.\n\nLappy is particularly popular with children, and merchandise bearing his cheery likeness is a major source of income for the police.\n\nLappy often makes appearances at public events to spread joy and traffic safety awareness to children throughout the Ark.
The sheer size of the Ark comes into new perspective seen from out here.\nHal's hideout is situated near some of the oldest residential areas on the Ark—lower levels all but forgotten as most Ark dwellers push ever skyward.
You bring Douglas safely out of the Astral Plane, but before you can question him, Kyle shows up—with friends.
Eastside Highway
Hit Rush
Boosts attack power of you and the Legion.
End co-op play.
Power Charge
The northernmost part of the Ark, and home to the Aegis Research Institute. The seat of all scientific research into chimeras and the Astral Plane. This area is kept under very strict security. Civilians are prohibited from entering the restricted district unless they are receiving treatment for redshift at the ARI.
You and Hal get through the wall and arrive in Zone 09. You head to a large encampment called Sector V to see what you can find out.
Collective Housing
Explosion
Hit Rush
R3-4: Zone 36
Natural hardwood is a precious commodity on the Ark.\nIt appears in abundance in Ark Mall's largest atrium, ensuring a luxurious shopping experience.\nThe trees used here were grown using a hydroponic process developed at the Aegis Research Institute.
WIG-C-F63C1-01
ARR-C-44A41-00
Gladius Maniac
Power Charge
Unchains the Legion for a fierce combo.
Power Charge
Unchains the Legion for a fierce combo.
ARM-C-B5FC7-00
Protolegion
Knowingly participating in a\nwrongful act; aiding or abetting\nanother's crimes.
Noah, Soul of Ambition
Regroup
[BTN:R2 ] ・ [BTN:R2 ]
The homunculus makes its way through police blockades to the roof of Rayleigh Plaza, absorbing chimeras along the way.
Stealth Bind Master
Search
You and the Legion go to help rescue people trapped in the subway, where the explosions continue. Meet up with Alicia ASAP.
Large, collective housing complexes are a fact of life for the Ark's middle class.\nThese massive apartment buildings are simple and cheap to construct. They may not be much to look at, but they provide adequate shelter and security.
R2-15: Water Bureau
Codename: Hestia\n\nA chimera equipped with a bow, similar to the Arrow Legion. It uses its bow to attack from a distance. When not on the offensive, it camouflages itself. Neuron officers can reveal its position with their IRIS.
A more evolved version of WIG-C-F63C1-00, this chimera is larger and more intelligent. It generates more heat than its smaller cohort. Like Aello, it can also create small tornadoes that track its prey.
R2-B1: Sector V
Arboreal Atrium
Unchains the Legion for a fierce combo.
Hit Rush
Boosts attack power of you and the Legion.
Unlock all Beast Legion nodes in Legion Learning.
Hit Rush
Finders Keepers Lv.2
Boosts attack power of you and the Legion.
A sword-bearing Humanoid protolegion.
Codename: Enceladus\n\nInitially believed to be a giant, chimeric arm, Enceladus destroyed a bridge and abducted a number of civilians from Zone 36. It was later revealed to be a giant, black Arm-type chimera.
Deskwork...?
Play File [HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]?\nPlay Style: [HUDTEXT:CHANGE_TAG_TEXT ]
When you catch up to Jena, she vanishes through a gate once again. Olive calls you back to regroup with the others.
Chain Counter
Stop training
Noah is the culmination of Yoseph's plan to lead humanity through the devastation brought to Earth by the chimeras and into the future. He believes Noah is humankind's final evolutionary step.\n\nYoseph forced countless clones of the Legionis Akira to merge with their Legions, and then further merge with each other. This created a core, neither Legion nor chimera, into which he merged himself.\n\nHis ultimate goal is to bring all existence into Noah, forming one perfect being with himself at the controls.
Use Howl the specified number of times.
Register the specified number of enemies. Then tell Richard...
Gravity Storm Master
Warfare
Akira Howard
Photo: Get Well Soon
Hermit Burner
Use Speed Star the specified number of times.
Activated when the Legion is called right before an enemy attack.
Police Helicopter
Defeat the rare chimera (GEL-C-A070C-00) in File 05.
Activated when the Legion is called right before an enemy attack.
Zone 33
Legion Control
Axe Legion
R3-B1: Water Bureau
Are you sure you want to remove this?
Richard Morgan
HUM-C-C460F-00
Nature Calls: File 04
A brilliant yet secretive programmer from Neuron's technical division. His full name is Harold Clark, but his closest associates call him "Hal."\n\nHal is extremely shy. Nobody in Neuron has ever seen him in person. Instead, he interacts with the world around him through the radio and his trusty, customized drone.\n\nPiloting his drone, Hal almost becomes a different person. He explores the Ark at his leisure, without fear of injury or redshift.
Peace: S+
Sweet Release
Complete File 06 with an S+ rank.
The younger of a pair of twins, orphaned at birth and raised by a police officer named Max Howard. When they came of age, Akira and her brother both decided to follow in Max's footsteps and join the Ark Police.\n\nPerhaps because their mother was in the throes of redshift during her pregnancy, Akira and her brother possess an uncommonly high innate Legion sync rate. This made the two of them natural candidates for Neuron.
A member of the Holy Order of the Digital Hermit, who enhance their physical abilities with Blue Evolve.\n\nSome Hermits are so eager to fight that they forget to prepare special weaponry before heading out the door—so they have to improvise.
Codename: Icarus\n\nLargely silent, bladeless helicopters used by Ark law enforcement, including Neuron. Mainly used for transportation, they can also be fitted with weaponry for combat operations.
Perfect Call
Perfect Call
The Axe Legion can learn\nthese skills and traits.
Clean up more than 80 percent of the Red Matter in File 05.
A bustling entertainment district, filled with shops and theaters. Walking through the stores here, the Ark's citizens are sometimes able to forget the looming apocalyptic disaster that the planet faces.
R1-A1: Astral Plane
Complete File 06.
Codename: Eris\n\nA Humanoid-type chimera that attacks with both a blade-like arm and four satellite units that fire projectile beams. It is believed to control these units telepathically.
A Neuron officer who fancies himself an independent chimera researcher. He's been injured in the field more than a few times after getting too close to his "research subjects."
Feline Friend: File 04
Peace
Harold "Hal" Clark
Overwrite the selected save slot to start a new game?
There was an error loading save data.
Perfect Call
Complete File 09.
Ever since the gates to the Astral Plane appeared on earth, the moon has appeared red in the night sky. The effect is particularly pronounced when there's a full moon.\n\nThe exact reason for the red moon is still unknown, but most attribute it to data corruption in the atmosphere. Since sunlight is unaffected, however, many people theorize that gates have appeared on the moon itself.
Wild
Adopt the cat in File 05.
Activated when the Legion is called right before an enemy attack.
Return to the title screen?\nAny unsaved progress will be lost.
Probability
Red Matter Remover: File 04
A Humanoid-type chimera that is capable of slowing molecular motion. It attacks by instantly freezing moisture from surrounding air and spewing ice.
Harmony Square West
A Legion created from an Arrow-type chimera. Equipped with massive bows, it excels at long-distance combat.\n\nA capable Legionis can take greater control of its aim to strike targets with pinpoint accuracy.
This Shell-type chimera is not proficient at combat. However, it has a strong protective shell that it can share with other chimeras by transferring energy. This energy current connecting these chimeras cannot be cut, but SHE-C-7B74E-00 itself can be shot down with the Arrow Legion.
R3-8: Sector V
Intent
Wild: S+
Activated when the Legion is called right before an enemy attack.
Complete File 09 with an S+ rank.
A member of the Holy Order of the Digital Hermit, who enhance their physical abilities with Blue Evolve.\n\nIll-tempered and eager to fight bare-handed, with a crude but effective self-taught style.
Red Moon
Get the subway schedule from the toilet in File 05.
Activated when the Legion is called right before an enemy attack.
Perfect Call
Olive comes in on your radio with huge news: She's picked up a signal from Max's Legatus. You and Akira check it out.
Go to File Select?
Arrow Legion
The west side of the central Harmony Square intersection is loaded with ritzy department stores and theaters.\nThe Ark Grand Theater is the most prestigious stage on the Ark for musical theater.
HUM-C-60D27-00
????
Slime Splatter: File 04
Removing color set from this slot.\nAre you sure?
SHE-C-7B74E-00
Throw away 10 empty cans.
You destroy the homunculus egg. While you're busy in the Astral Plane, Jena heads straight for Neuron HQ—and Yoseph.
Auto-Bind Master
Perfect Call
Take a photo of Avery in a sticky situation at the mall.
Hermit Brawler
Astral Perfection
Round Bullet
Supply Snatcher Max
Uppercut
Briefly retain boosted stats and ability effects after dismissing the Legion.
Finders Keepers Lv.1
A Humanoid protolegion that wields both sword and shield.\nThis unsuccessful Legion prototype was unable to properly balance offensive and defensive capabilities, and was deemed unfit for Neuron use.
Codename: Hecate\n\nThis giant, black Arrow-type chimera appeared in Harmony Square after Jena caused a spike in dimensional instability. Like smaller Arrow-types, it deftly camouflages itself. 
IRIS On/Off
Neuron has Jena cornered when she escapes by opening a gate. You pursue her into the Astral Plane.
Movement
The very heart of Noah, Yoseph's ultimate lifeform. Made up of countless fusions between Akira clones and their Legions.\n\nNoah could only be stopped by destroying its core. However, the core existed in a dimension beyond those accessible to even the Legions.\n\nOnly the original Akira, who had been absorbed into that dimension but managed to hold on to their free will, was able to destroy the core.
Complete the character database.
Register an enemy in the enemy database. Then tell Richard...
Awake: S+
Evolution
Awake
Wall
As your visit with Akira at the ARI ends, Olive informs you of a new emergency: Explosions at the Harmony Square subway station.
Take your first photo.
Choose where to set this ability.
Litter is not an uncommon sight on the Ark. Even the most sophisticated infrastructure in the world couldn't hope to keep up with a population of the Ark's size.\nThe collection, management and disposal of garbage is almost as critical an issue for the Ark as the chimeras themselves.
R2-14: Sector V
Deal the specified amount of total damage with Baton Mode.
Akinori Tabuchi
Codename: Callisto\n\nAn Arrow-type chimera that uses two bows to attack; one infused with flame and the other infused with lightning. When not on the offensive, it camouflages itself. Neuron officers can reveal its position with their IRIS.
A Wing-type chimera that attacks by shooting bladed feathers and by slashing with its sharp talons. Unlike other aerial types, it can also perform searing heat attacks. It appears to be constantly aflame.
Food Court
Activate by tilting\n[BTN:LS_D ] [BTN:LS_U ] + pressing [BTN:L2 ].
Shoots blades along the Astral Chain.
Air Shot
Drill Arrow
Red Matter Remover: File 01
Briefly retain boosted stats and ability effects after dismissing the Legion.
Unlock one Beast Legion node in Legion Learning.
Crash Bomb Master
Sync Keep
Activate by tilting\n[BTN:LS_D ] [BTN:LS_U ] + pressing [BTN:L2 ].
Spins while firing energy blasts in all directions.
ARR-C-C1DB9-00
Sword/Shield Protolegion
Undomesticated, in a natural\nstate; violent and uncontrollable.
Noah Core
[BTN:R2 ] Near a stunned enemy
Rank: Platinum
Pursuit
While Akira tends to your wounded squadmates, you pursue the homunculus. You fight your way through chimeras to Main Street.
Take a photo of an unknown, invisible invader.
You need a cardkey to get through the containment wall. The guard captain has one, but he won't give it up easily.
The newest member of Neuron's technical division, he joined the force only a few days before the Howard twins.\n\nSince he's new, he's primarily tasked with keeping Neuron's cars shiny and clean.
Get the tissues from the HQ toilet.
The Ark's trash problem
Uproar
Triple Sword
Sword Assault
Revert to default settings?
R3-5: Ark Transport
If you're looking for fast, cheap versions of any kind of cuisine the Ark has to offer, look no further than the Ark Mall food court.\nYou may have trouble finding an empty seat during the weekend rush, though.
Change your hairstyle and hair color.
WIG-C-F63C1-00
ARR-C-424CB-00
Reporting For Duty
Sync Keep
Activate by tilting\n[BTN:LS_D ] [BTN:LS_U ] + pressing [BTN:L2 ].
Rains down arrows along the path of the Astral Chain.
When a rescue mission brings the core members of Neuron to the Astral Plane, they feel the effects of redshift firsthand.
Contact
Complete all of Olive's cases.
A large landfill, collecting garbage cast off from the more prosperous areas of the Ark.\nThe trash flows ever downward until finally even the rats lose sight of it.
You use the Beast Legion to track Douglas, but the trail leads straight into a gate. You enter in search of Douglas.
Blue Shield
Briefly retain boosted stats and ability effects after dismissing the Legion.
Vendor-3 is part of a series of vending machines that sells beverages throughout the Ark.\n\nVendor-3 comes equipped with an AI that helps customers shop and makes small talk. This AI recognizes specific customers and provides specialized recommendations, no matter which Vendor-3 unit they use. Sometimes, the AI seems almost frighteningly sophisticated.\n\nThis particular unit's "joy" parameter seems to have been set a bit higher than usual, making it markedly gigglier than most.
Nature Calls: File 01
Rising Axe
Play with a friend as player and Legion.
WIG-C-E11FC-01
Julia Rockfield
Sync Keep
R3-1: Sector V
SER-C-BC47F-00
Gladius Protolegion
Jin Wong
Chain Drive
Briefly retain boosted stats and ability effects after dismissing the Legion.
Beast Somersault
Complete the game with an S+ rank on Pt Standard or higher.
Gas Generator (Body)
Your investigation leads you back to the Astral Plane. On your way to rescue the victim, you make an unlikely friend.
A relationship between things or\nphenomena; a single ring in a\nchain.
Frenzied derangement or delusion;\na state of chaos.
Dump
R2-10: Harmony Square
With the Beast Legion recaptured, you run into the mysterious yellow drone again on your way back to the Ark.
Escape
Arm Scholar
Rescue
Manually saved data to slot B.
Proceed with this character?
Activate by tilting\n[BTN:LS_D ] [BTN:LS_U ] + pressing [BTN:L2 ].
Sync Keep
Vendor-3 (Giddy)
Deploys multiple shields that block attacks.
Blaster Maniac
Feline Friend: File 01
Julia has lived with Leona since before either of them joined Neuron. The fact that they both were selected seems to be purely coincidence. A hopeless romantic, Julia will stop at nothing to see love bloom, and bloom often, at Neuron HQ.
Briefly retain boosted stats and ability effects after dismissing the Legion.
R2-W: Police HQ
Codename: Podarge\n\nA large Wing-type chimera that attacks with feathers and talons charged with electricity.
Complete File 03.
Know Your Enemy Lv.4
Play Style N/A
Jin has worked under Max Howard since well before Neuron was established. He has known the twins since they were children.\n\nJin has seen Max as a role model since his earliest days on the police force, and trained his mind and body to live up to Max's expectations. This paid off when Max trusted in Jin's abilities enough to personally recommend him for Neuron.\n\nJin has a very high sync rate with his powerful Arm Legion, making him Neuron's ace officer.
People Watcher
A Humanoid protolegion equipped with a heavy axe.
Codename: Echidna\n\nA giant, black Serpent-type chimera, lurking beneath the slums of Zone 09.
Complete File 03 with an S+ rank.
Activate by tilting\n[BTN:LS_D ] [BTN:LS_U ] + pressing [BTN:L2 ].
Sync Keep
Electrifies the Astral Chain, damaging enemies that touch it.
Living weaponry created by Jena Anderson, based on counter-chimeric research from the ARI. These immobile organisms are part of a symbiotic system with smaller pods that they manipulate to disperse poisonous gas. Typically found in the Astral Plane, where Jena created them, they are sometimes pulled through gates to emerge on the Ark.
Open your first supply crate in a File other than Rebirth.
Stranger
Evasion
ELE-C-D8790-00
SHE-C-104A7-00
Use Lappy's Shortcut menu to get around Police HQ.
You defeat the homunculus, but you're pulled into the Astral Plane. There, you find a breeding ground of homunculi.
Add Ability Slot
Attain the rank of Master.
Kyle
Increases the Sword Legion's ability slots by one.
Add Ability Slot
Neat Freak
After meeting with Alicia, you and Akira split up to clean up the scaffolding behind the Rayleigh Plaza roof.
Adopt the cat in File 11.
Continue to File [HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]?
Sword Legion
One of the most famous buildings in bustling Harmony Square. Home to all manner of shops and businesses, most notably the Ark News Group.\nANG is the Ark's most-watched news source, broadcasting to all zones on the island.
HUM-C-6F3CD-00
R3-W: ARI
Completed color set slot chosen.
This Shell-type chimera is not proficient at combat. However, it has a strong protective shell that it can share with other chimeras by transferring energy. This chimera defends itself by burrowing into the ground, but it can be dug up by the Beast Legion.
R3-9: Zone 09
An Elemental-type chimera that absorbs energy when attacked. Its body grows as it stores more energy, and its methods of attack change. However, it is quite unstable. It eventually absorbs more energy than it can control and explodes.
Overflow
Triple Sword Master
Increases the Arm Legion's ability slots by 1.
The charismatic and unscrupulous leader of the Hermits. Despite being the leader of a hacker collective, Kyle is exceptionally agile—a trait he uses to toy with his opponents.\n\nKyle doesn't hesitate to pull any number of tricks, such as smokescreens, to score a victory in combat.
Sparring Practice
Add Ability Slot
Slime Slayer
Chain Counter Master
Increases the Arrow Legion's ability slots by 1.
Loading the most recent save data.
Cleanup
Get the optical camo paper from the toilet in File 11.
Codename: Astraeus\n\nA Humanoid-type chimera that uses only its fists for brutal melee attacks. It is always found together with a similar type, codenamed Capaneus.
Harmony Square Media Center
A Legion created from a Humanoid-type chimera, with arms that end in large, sharp blades.\n\nIn the hands of a capable Legionis, the Sword Legion can even slice through energy currents.
Add Ability Slot
The Arrow Legion can\nlearn these skills and traits.
R1-A2: Astral Plane
Exchange the selected items for money.
Hit enemies with Chain Jump Attacks the specified number of times.
A Legion created from a Humanoid-type chimera, with a massive axelike weapon.\n\nIn the hands of a capable Legionis, the Axe Legion forms a protective barrier that shields those inside it from fire, poison gas and other dangers.
Ark National Police Headquarters
Defeat the rare chimera (GEL-C-A070C-00) in File 11.
Stop playing this File?\nAll progress on this File will be reset.
Use Round Sword the specified number of times.
The younger of a pair of twins, orphaned at birth and raised by a police officer named Max Howard. When they came of age, Akira and his sister both decided to follow in Max's footsteps and join the Ark Police.\n\nPerhaps because their mother was in the throes of redshift during her pregnancy, Akira and his sister possess an uncommonly high innate Legion sync rate. This made the two of them natural candidates for Neuron.\n
Photo: Comfort and Justice!
A member of the Holy Order of the Digital Hermit, who enhance their physical abilities with Blue Evolve.\n\nHandily wields a huge anti-chimera blade.
Add Ability Slot
Increases the Axe Legion's ability slots by 1.
Legion Movement
Feline Friend: File 12
Complete File 10.
Arrow Legion
The central office of the Ark Police, located in Zone 10. Its basement floors are home to Neuron.
Editing this color set.\nAre you sure?
Clean up more than 80 percent of the Red Matter in File 11.
Axe Legion
Your current play style\nis [HUDTEXT:CHANGE_TAG_TEXT ].\nPlay this file with this play style?
Throw the specified number of objects at enemies with the Arm Legion.
Hermit Slasher
Phenomenal Feline Friend
Complete File 10 with an S+ rank.
Serious Student
Increases the Beast Legion's ability slots by 1.
Armed and Dangerous
Arm Legion
Increases Sword Legion defense.
Defense +[HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]%
Red Matter Remover: File 11
Adopt all cats in file 12.
Jin tells you and Akira to clean up gates and Red Matter atop Rayleigh Plaza.
Madness
Beast Legion
A typical Ark landscape.\nWith such a large population in such a limited space, expansion on the Ark means moving upward. Skyscrapers are practically a necessity.
Progress in this File will be reset.\nPlay File [HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]?\nPlay Style: [HUDTEXT:CHANGE_TAG_TEXT ].
HUM-C-84DF5-00
Reset color savings without keeping\nyour changes? You can save changes by\nclosing this window and pressing [BTN:X ].
Complete all training room programs other than sparring.
SHE-C-4F413-00
Adopt every cat. Then tell Marie...
The normally lively Harmony Square is almost completely empty. Check the perimeter and get to your post with Akira.
Madness: S+
Defense +[HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]%
Hermit Slugger
Mini Homunculus
Defense +[HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]%
Slime Splatter: File 11
The Arm Legion can learn\nthese skills and traits.
Freedom from conflict;\ntranquility.
Chain Jump Attack Master
Increases Arrow Legion defense.
Choosing "To Start of File" will\nabort the File in progress and return\nto the start of the File.
Restoration
A Humanoid-type chimera that attacks with an arm adapted to resemble a large sword.
View from the Rooftops
A Legion created from a Beast-type chimera, this swift doglike companion can track sounds and scents far better than any human.\n\nIts Legionis can ride on its back to cover great distances in a short time, or quickly move out of danger.
Codename: Ker\n\nThis Shell-type chimera is not proficient at combat. However, it has a strong protective shell that it can share with other chimeras by transferring energy. This energy current connecting these chimeras to Ker can only be cut by the Sword Legion.
Take a photo of Carlos Kajioka in his civvies.
Alert
Round Sword Master
Increases Arm Legion defense.
Smaller homunculi, formed inside the homunculus egg in the Astral Plane.
A member of the Holy Order of the Digital Hermit, who enhance their physical abilities with Blue Evolve.\n\nAttacks with an electromagnetic club designed for anti-chimera combat.
Codename: Dryad\n\nAn uncommonly aggressive Shell-type chimera that uses its shell to attack as well as defend.
Use Triple Sword the specified number of times.
Li Fang Meyers
Defense +[HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]%
A police drone hijacked and modified by the Hermits to take out anyone not authorized to be in their territory. It's equipped with a modified rocket launcher.
Nature Calls: File 11
Defense +[HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]%
R1-A3: Astral Plane
Strange Drone
Purchase selected items.
Codename: Capaneus\n\nA Humanoid-type chimera that uses only its fists for brutal melee attacks. It is always found together with a similar type, codenamed Astraeus.
Use Chain Counters the specified number of times.
Zone 10
GEL-C-AC61E-00
Defeat every rare chimera (GEL-C-A070C-00).
Quit this case?\nAll progress on this case will be reset.
Play the selected save data?\nAny unsaved progress in the current\ngame will be lost.
Master Officer
SHE-C-2D22C-00
Doesn't do small talk.
Choose the button for this skill.
Doggy Door
Missile Drone (Hermit)
Increases Beast Legion defense.
Increases Axe Legion defense.
Feline Friend: File 11
A strange, yellow drone. It's outfitted with onboard speakers and cameras, allowing the controller, whoever they are, to directly interact with people around the drone.\n\nIt appears to be a heavily-modified police patrol drone. Its control range is extremely long, allowing it to roam not only all over the Ark, but even into the Astral Plane as well, without losing its connection to its mysterious controller.
Codename: Ares\n\nA giant, black Gel-type chimera that appeared in the sewers. It has a strangely compelling presence.
R3-B3: Astral Plane
Clean up more than 80 percent of the Red Matter in Files other than Rebirth.
Known colloquially as the "government zone," Zone 10 is home to UNION offices and other government facilities.
Your current play style\nis [HUDTEXT:CHANGE_TAG_TEXT ].
HUM-C-B8FE7-00
Adopt the cat in File 01.
Link
Chase
Brenda assures you that Akira is alright and brings you to the Aegis Research Institute to see for yourself.
Deal the specified amount of total damage with Blaster Mode.
R2-17: Police HQ
Drainage Pit
Codename: Artemis\n\nThis Arrow-type chimera is larger than other bow-wielding types, and can also fire faster to cover a wider range.
R2-A1: Astral Plane
R2-B3: Harmony Square
Codename: Aello\n\nA more evolved version of WIG-C-76E8F-00, Aello is larger and more intelligent. It is able to create small tornadoes that can track its prey.
Activate by rotating [BTN:LS ] 360 degrees and pressing [BTN:L2 ].
Summons blades that rotate around the Sword Legion.
Slow Shot
Boosts movement and attack speed for you and the Legion.
Round Arrow
Unlock one Arm Legion node in Legion Learning.
Equipping this set will cause some of your accessories to be hidden.\nAre you sure?
Supply Snatcher Lv.1
Gravity Storm
Boosts movement and attack speed for you and the Legion.
Punch Rush
A Humanoid protolegion with sharp claws on both hands.\nThis unsuccessful Legion prototype proved too slow in updating and executing its combat directives, and was deemed unfit for Neuron use.
Codename: Kelaino\n\nThis giant, black Wing-type chimera attacked officers at Grand Avenue, seemingly taunting Neuron by flying around the area.
Chain Bind
The suspect is former ARI scientist Jena Anderson. You head off to gather information at the last place she was seen: Harmony Square.
Dashing
When Yoseph and his Akira clones dissipated, they left behind this embodiment of the Astral Plane. The ultimate chimera, Noah Prime exists only to redshift the entire planet Earth.
Register the specified number of people in the database.
Complete the enemy database. Then tell Richard...
Link: S+
Chance
Hal plans to infiltrate the quarantined Zone 09 and wants your help. You follow his beacon to Harmony Square.
Get the antiseptic wipes from the toilet in File 01.
Rest
Round Sword
Changing language settings.\nAre you sure?
R3-6: Ark Mall
Sword Spin
WIG-C-76E8F-01
ARR-C-4D9BC-00
Used and dirty water flows down through these drains to the depths of the Ark.
Change your costume.
Duty Calls
Activate by rotating [BTN:LS ] 360 degrees and pressing [BTN:L2 ].
Speed Star
Creates a time-slowing field at the point of impact.
Activate by rotating [BTN:LS ] 360 degrees and pressing [BTN:L2 ].
Speed Star
Start a new game using the selected save slot?
Shoots a gravity shell that draws in nearby enemies.
WIG-C-0FDF3-00
Claw Protolegion
The process of surrounding an\nenemy fortification in an attempt\nto force surrender.
Noah Prime
Rank: Pure Platinum
White
Akira makes the case for your temporary release. You hurry to the Eastside Highway to help Neuron deal with a new, more evolved homunculus.
Photo: I See You!
BEA-C-E9AF5-00
Alicia Lopez
Howl
Beast Tornado
Boosts movement and attack speed for you and the Legion.
Complete the game with rank S or higher on Pt Standard or higher.
Walking Explosive
Use Crash Bomb the specified number of times.
You and Akira head to Maison Forest to investigate a rash of disappearances thought to be a chimera's handiwork.
[BTN:LS_D ] [BTN:LS_U ] + [BTN:R2 ]
Arm
Complete one of Olive's cases.
You and Akira head to Grand Avenue with Max, Jin, and Alicia to help out with a chimera-related investigation.
Beast
Only those with the highest security clearance are allowed to enter Yoseph Calvert's private laboratories on the top floors of the ARI.\nWhen Dr. Calvert looks out upon the Ark from up here, what does he see?
Central City
These dried-out pipes say more about the living conditions in this part of the Ark than words ever could.
Kyle, the Hermits' leader, offers you the information you're after in exchange for tracking down a man named Douglas.
Forecast
Crash Bomb
Nature Calls: HQ
Vendor-3 is part of a series of vending machines that sells beverages throughout the Ark.\n\nVendor-3 comes equipped with an AI that helps customers shop and makes small talk. This AI recognizes specific customers and provides specialized recommendations, no matter which Vendor-3 unit they use. Sometimes, the AI seems almost frighteningly sophisticated.\n\nThis particular Vendor-3 unit's AI comes across significantly more rudely than most. But could it be that its rough exterior hides a kind heart after all?
Axe Sweep
Boosts movement and attack speed for you and the Legion.
Check player stats and progress.
WIG-C-985BE-01
Speed Star
Leona Murphy
R3-2: Zone 36
Know Your Enemy Lv.1
An ace police officer and one of Max's oldest and most trusted partners. Perhaps due to her familiarity with Max, she feels comfortable being far more sarcastic with the captain than any other officer would dare.\n\nAlicia is fiercely protective of her squadmates and well-liked despite (or maybe because of) her sharp tongue.
It's Who You Know
Complete File 02 with an S+ rank.
Codename: Cerberus\n\nA colossal Beast-type chimera with three heads, encountered when it ambushed an attempt to rescue civilians from the Astral Plane.
Order completed.
Speed Star
Activate by rotating [BTN:LS ] 360 degrees and pressing [BTN:L2 ].
Stuns nearby enemies with a piercing howl.
Codename: Berthold\n\nLiving weaponry created by Jena Anderson. These dangerous organisms are driven by instinct to charge towards any humans or chimeras they detect. They explode on contact, causing considerable damage. Typically found in the Astral Plane, where Jena created them, they are sometimes pulled through gates to emerge on the Ark.
Pick up your first dropped item.
Open every supply crate in Files other than Rebirth.
Complete every order.
You make your way through the tentacles and slime in Ark Mall to find Jin under attack from the berserk Arm Legion.
Using Items
Missing
Clean up more than 80 percent of the Red Matter in File 01.
R2-13:Maison Forest
Sewer System
The largest residential area inside Zone 36.
Yoseph Calvert's laboratory
Just after you defeat the bomber chimera, the rogue Beast Legion appears and knocks you into the Astral Plane.
Beast Scholar
Sortie
You're on your way to meet up with Akira on the highway when aberrations cost you your bike. Keep going on foot.
Cooperation
Amateur Photographer
Speed Star
Baton Maniac
Activate by rotating [BTN:LS ] 360 degrees and pressing [BTN:L2 ].
Vendor-3 (Rude)
Buries a volatile time bomb that explodes if touched.
Accepting [HUDTEXT:MISSION_NAME ] again.\nAre you sure?
Neuron's resident worrywart, Leona constantly puts others' needs (sometimes even Legions' needs) before her own.
Boosts movement and attack speed for you and the Legion.
Complete File 02.
Codename: Ocypete\n\nA more evolved version of WIG-C-985BE-00, this chimera is larger and more intelligent. It generates harsher cold than its smaller cohort. Like Aello, it can also create small tornadoes that track its prey.
Zone 32
R1-16: Harmony Square
R1-5: Zone 36
Power Charge Master
Returning to game without saving.\nAre you sure?
Chimeras: Greatsword
Codename: Diomedes\n\nA Humanoid-type chimera that attacks fiercely with a giant weapon. Although Diomedes moves slowly, its considerable size and variety of wide range attacks make it a dangerous chimera to approach carelessly.
Ending co-op play.\nAre you sure?
Pt STANDARD
Get the sandpaper from the toilet in File 10.
A Gel-type chimera with a flexible, rubbery body. It attacks by spewing freezing mucus from its mouth.
This Gel-type chimera is extremely rare—and extremely cowardly. It runs away from humans on sight. Catching and defeating it may be worth your while.
Assault Command
Blueshift the specified number of civilians.
Gene Code Glutton Lv.3
Retirement Fund Lv.2
A colossal living weapon created by Jena Anderson.\n\nThis nascent homunculus was activated before Jena could complete it. As a result, it has no developed lower body, and cannot move from one location.
A popular commercial district lined with shops, best known for its gigantic shopping mall.
Absolute K-9 Unit
Adopt the cat in File 10.
HUM-C-158B8-00
Choose a saved equipment set.
Edit the color of the selected parts.
GEL-C-A070C-00
GEL-C-B7904-00
This selection is not available\nduring File Select.
Earn the specified amount of Duty Points.
Assign Skills
Homunculus α
R2-8: Sector V
Lockdown
Complete File 11 with an S+ rank.
A former detective, Billy has a deep, personal vendetta against chimeras, for reasons that seem to go beyond "they're monsters that want to kill us." Nobody has been able to get him to tell these reasons.
File Options
Laser Generator (Pod)
Legatus Menu
Complete File 11.
A researcher from the ARI, tasked with distributing experimental medicine in Zone 09 and observing its effects on the populace. He sincerely believes that the medicines he provides will protect people from redshift.
Neuron's home base, hastily assembled from unused rooms in the basement levels of police headquarters. It's not very tidy, but it has everything Neuron needs to fight chimeras.
Clean up more than 80 percent of the Red Matter in File 10.
Laboratory
Strengthen your Legions.
Collect the specified amount of G.
Collect the specified number of Gene Codes.
Olive went off alone into the sewers to save Brenda. Hal asks you to find Olive and guide her to safety.
Blueshifter Lv.2
Defeat the specified number of enemies. Then tell Billy...
View Police Database info.
Billy Williams
Photo: Packing Heat
Living weaponry created by Jena Anderson. These pods emit high-energy lasers while moving along paths set by their accompanying cores. They cannot be stopped unless the laser generator body that controls them is destroyed.
R1-12: Zone 36
Douglas Baumann
R1-1: Zone 09
Axe Master
Special Ops Bureau HQ
Hit enemies with Sync Attacks the specified number of times.
Chimeras: Arm
Data will be saved in this save slot.\nAre you sure?
Chimeras: Humanoid
Defeat the rare chimera (GEL-C-A070C-00) in File 10.
With Hal's help, you and Akira enter the eerily quiet Aegis Research Institute, determined to get the truth from Yoseph.
Vendor-3 is part of a series of vending machines that sells beverages throughout the Ark.\n\nVendor-3 comes equipped with an AI that helps customers shop and makes small talk. This AI recognizes specific customers and provides specialized recommendations, no matter which Vendor-3 unit they use. Sometimes, the AI seems almost frighteningly sophisticated.\n\nThis particular Vendor-3 unit has been programmed to be surly and unapproachable, for what must have seemed like good reasons at the time.
Red Case Closed Max
Underground Parking Garage
Blue Case Closed Lv.1
Hisayoshi Kijima
Aberration F (Sword)
BEA-C-4AE2E-00
Get the dead leaves from the toilet in File 03.
Aberration M (Archer)
POW-C-30EB5-00
Change your eye and skin color.
Given the history of Zone 09, it seems only natural that a town would spring up near the containment wall.\nIt may seem a little ironic to name it after the wall itself, but this dry humor exemplifies the Upper spirit.\nThe people of Sector V are hearty and headstrong, having eked out a living without help from the Ark's UNION government.
ARM-C-D0790-00
Perfect Call + Sync
R3-15: Police HQ
Slime Splatter: File 02
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a successful Perfect Call.
Change your HUD color scheme.
Discarding [HUDTEXT:ITEM_NAME ].\nAre you sure?
Ark Data File #024733
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a successful Perfect Call.
Unlock with Material Codes?
Blue Shield Master
Type R Heavy Arm Legion
Arrow Nemesis
Fully upgrade the X-Baton.
This will remove the ability from the\nArm Legion. Are you sure?
R1-9: Sector V
Rank: Gold
Shizu Miyamoto
Jena Apotheosis
Researcher F (Sword)
Akira Clone
Researcher M (Archer)
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arm has mutated into a bow, which it uses to fire energy shots from a distance.
Case Number: UF24-fa90eb87\nDate Registered: 02/07/2078\nLocation: Zone 30 Maison Forest\nSummary: Gate/Chimera disposal\n\nCarried out disposal of five gates and 14 Humanoid-type chimeras appearing in Maison Forest. Engaged with targets far from residential areas. No human casualties to report. No injuries to officers, either.\n\nDue to high number of gates appearing in the area in a short time, public access to the area is prohibited for the next seven days. Security perimeter will be enforced by reinforced drone security.
Take a photo of the man who raised you.
Orders
Startup
Vendor-3 (Gloomy)
Adopt the cat in File 03.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arm has mutated into a bow, which it uses to fire energy shots from a distance.
R2-4: Zone 09
A Beast-type chimera that attacks with fierce winds as it bites and claws.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nOne of its arms has mutated into a large sword, which it uses to attack.
Knows his way around all of Neuron's gadgets.
Ark Police HQ connects directly to a system of underground tunnels, allowing officers and their vehicles easy access to nearly the entire Ark.\nMost squad cars are manufactured by Telos Automotive and built for greater speeds than civilian models.\nThey also include a variety of built-in defense systems.
Fill the photo album.
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a successful Perfect Call.
Codename: Kronos\n\nAn Arm-type chimera that shoots energy blasts from its fingertips. It can also transform its arms into a large cannon to attack from a greater distance.
Sector V
Codename: Aloadae\n\nA Power-type chimera that can generate and store energy inside its body. It intermittently releases this energy as powerful explosions and shockwaves.
Unlock one Sword Legion node in Legion Learning.
Perfect Call + Sync
Red Matter Remover: File 02
Perfect Call + Sync
Excavator Lv.1
People on the Rooftops?\n\nHave you heard rumors of the people called the "Uppers"? Supposedly they make their homes in illegal squats on the tops of buildings in the quarantined Zone 09. Whether it's true, or just a figment of popular imagination, who can say?\n\nNot even the police are allowed to make routine rounds in the zone, which was put under quarantine by the UNION government after the Pandemic! The question must be asked: Who would wilfully gather and live in an area known for dangerous levels of corruption? Who are these Uppers?\n\nThe UNION holds that any living person found in the quarantine zone is a trespasser from outside the zone—and a potential danger to public safety!\n\nBut some rumors suggest that the Uppers are actually survivors—or descendants of survivors—of the Pandemic, left to rebuild after the UNION walled off the zone. Supposing that were true, though, that means the UNION may have left uncorrupted survivors behind to fend for themselves against the dangers of the Pandemic. \n\nCould it be true? One thing's for sure: When it comes to the Uppers, there's no shortage of questions—and very few answers.\n\n\nThe Quarantine: The Cases For and Against\n\nArk Zone 09 was once a populous residential district. An easy place to live, with both work and leisure near at hand. It remained that way for fifteen years, when the Ark's worst nightmare came true. Uncountable numbers of civilians in Zone 09 redshifted in a very short time in what came to be called the Pandemic—still the largest disaster in the history of the Ark.\n\nThe Ark's designers were prepared for this possibility, and had a system in place to prevent heavy corruption from spreading from zone to zone. Zone 09 was swiftly sealed off from the surrounding areas with heavy quarantine walls. Luckily, the Zone 09 Pandemic is the only time the UNION has found it necessary to use these walls. Thanks to these walls, zones that neighbor Zone 09 show no significantly higher levels of corruption than zones farther away. In that regard, the walls are a vital part of public safety on the Ark.\n\nBut on the other hand, independent sources suggest that survivors of the Pandemic may remain alive in Zone 09, redshift-free but sealed off from the outside Ark by the very same walls. If they're in there, the UNION does not acknowledge them, and will not open the wall. If these rumors are true, they implicate the UNION government in a wide-scale coverup.\n\nOne hopes to believe that, in erecting the walls around Zone 09, the UNION exercised their better judgement for the good of the Ark. All on the Ark are subject to their rule; let us hope it is a benevolent and honest rule.
The Nemesis form of the Arrow Legion. Without an Astral Chain to regulate it, it's driven to rampage by chimeric instinct. It appeared on the Ark to attack Akira Howard.
An advanced version of the Arm Legion with reinforced regulatory systems, tuned for use by the Raven Corps.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arm has mutated into a bow, which it uses to fire energy shots from a distance.
Clones of Akira, apparently mass-produced in capsules at the ARI.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nOne of its arms has mutated into a large sword, which it uses to attack.
Consumed by her fury toward Yoseph, Jena took all of her remaining Blue Evolve and further transformed into this colossal, chimeric form.
A Neuron officer who loves anything occult related, Shizu often spends her free time checking out alleged hauntings. She's usually a diligent worker, but she'll ditch work in a heartbeat if there's ghosts involved.
Find every hidden Hermit hiding place.
Slashing
Raven Duty Report: Red Case
Startup: S+
Officer (Archer)
Duty Report: 27/06/2078
Previously a TV announcer and newscaster, Olive left this job, feeling she had to do more in the face of disaster than simply report on it. She put her communication skills to work at Neuron as a dispatcher and radio operator.\n\nAs a newscaster, Olive was beloved all over the Ark for her quick and incisive wit. She has keen situational awareness and deftly conveys orders and information to all Neuron officers, all by herself.\n\nOlive is typically kind and sisterly to all of her allies, but she takes a particular liking to the Howard twins.
Ark Tourist
Megafloat "ARK" Operational!\nIn the early morning hours of Thursday, July 23, 2043, construction on the artificial island known as "The Ark" was finally completed. The Ark represents the combined efforts of all nations to protect humanity from the threat of corruption from the gates.\n\nRepresentatives of the interim UNION world government say they hope to begin welcoming residents as soon as possible.\n\nAs of this writing, the Ark is moored offshore near Valparaiso, Chile. Selected residents, having cleared checks for data corruption, boarded UNION patrol boats to make the first step towards their new homes this morning.\n\nThe Ark will cease accepting new residents at 3 PM and prepare for the voyage to its permanent location, far out into the Pacific Ocean, where experts say corruption will never reach.\n\nThe UNION will resume accepting new residents once the Ark is in position, according to one UNION official. He added that interested citizens should refer to UNION notices for further information.\n\n(Newspaper excerpt, 24/07/2043)
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a successful Perfect Call.
Lappy's Helium Hullaballoo
Mysterious tentacles that sprout from the floors, walls, and ceilings, spewing a pungent mucus. They grasp and squeeze anything that gets close, immobilizing prey.\n\nThese tentacles have been observed feeding on chimeras, seemingly to provide energy to foster the homunculus' growth. A series of connected tubes convey this chimeric energy to the homunculus egg.
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have become gigantic, and it uses them to attack wildly.
Arrow Scholar
A Beast-type chimera that attacks with intense heat as it bites and claws.
One part of an interconnected subway system that connects the entire Ark. This station was designed to be a connecting point to several different subway lines, each designated by a different color.
Codename: Ladon\n\nA Serpent-type that alternately burrows underground and resurfaces. It attacks by spewing blasts of energy.
R1-B3: Ark Mall
Clean up more than 80 percent of the Red Matter in File 03.
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have become gigantic, and it uses them to attack wildly.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arm has mutated into a bow, which it uses to fire energy shots from a distance.
[HUDTEXT:VALUE_NUM ]% of "[HUDTEXT:MISSION_NAME ]" complete.
Vendor-3 (Fancy)
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a successful Perfect Call.
Feline Friend: File 02
Acting leader of Neuron's tech division. His proteges, Tabitha and Ted, have been working so hard lately that there's not much left for poor Hattori to do.
Olive Espinosa
Equipped abilities cannot be discarded.
Case Reports:\n\nC13281\nStatus: Closed\nInvestigation Log: Filed (LOG-ID C13281_NJ003_06272078)\nSummary:\nArrest of two Hermits gang members in the act of vandalizing an ATM.\nOfficers involved: Alicia Lopez, Billy Williams\n\nTwo conventional police officers were injured by the suspects before Neuron arrived. One officer suffered a fractured right tibia. The other received several surface wounds and expects to recover in one week.\n\n(Alicia Lopez)\n\n\nC13285\nStatus: Closed\nInvestgation Log: Filed (LOG-ID C13285_NJ003_06272078)\nSummary:\nPursuit and arrest of one Hermits gang member engaged in grand theft auto.\nOfficers involved: Alicia Lopez\n\nI performed the arrest following search support from police helicopters. With consideration to the surrounding area, I tailed the suspect to Zone 21 point RD2547-16 before forcing the stolen car to a stop with electromagnetic disruptor rounds.\n\nSuspect's erratic driving during the attempted getaway caused multiple accidents across several zones, but luckily, no civilians were injured.\n\n(Alicia Lopez)\n\n\nLT083\nStatus: Transfered to outside jurisdiction (ID PD749)\nInvestigation Log: Filed (LOG-ID LT083_NJ003_06272078)\nSummary: Missing property investigation.\nNo chimeric activity could be confirmed in the course of the investigation, so I handed the case over the the Zone 36 precinct to treat as a normal case.\nOfficers involved: Alicia Lopez\n\nNotes:\nThough most previous reports of Hermit activity only involved computer-related crimes, recently we've had more and more reports of their involvement in direct and even violent criminal activity. The change is cause for concern.\n\nThe conventional police are completely unable to keep up with The Hermits, and they give even us in Neuron trouble. We should investigate the source of their newfound strength before they get any bolder. This may even warrant an investigation into their supposed base of operations in Zone 09.\n\n(Alicia Lopez)
Photo: Major Malfunction
Canceling Gene Code administration.\nAre you sure?
Complete the game with rank B or higher on Pt Standard or higher.
Perfect Call + Sync
Ark Data File #000129
Legatus Master
Tentacle
Researcher F (Glove)
Use Hit Rush the specified number of times.
Aberration F (Glove)
SER-C-E1C0D-00
Harmony Square Station
BEA-C-E2921-00
Complete all of Olive's cases with an S+ rank.
Defeat three or more chimeras at the same time five times.
Defeat the rare chimera (GEL-C-A070C-00) in File 03.
Hermit (Archer)
Check system settings.
Complete all blue cases.
Registering [HUDTEXT:ITEM_NAME ] to the slot.\nAre you sure?
Complete your first red case.
Perfect Call + Sync
Vendor-3 is part of a series of vending machines that sells beverages throughout the Ark.\n\nVendor-3 comes equipped with an AI that helps customers shop and makes small talk. This AI recognizes specific customers and provides specialized recommendations, no matter which Vendor-3 unit they use. Sometimes, the AI seems almost frighteningly sophisticated.\n\nSpeaking of "sophisticated," this particular unit has been set to offer a fancier customer service experience. Still, this one is so polite, it's almost a little creepy...
Nature Calls: File 02
Shinjiro Hattori
R3-11: Ark Mall
Chimeras: Elemental
Ark Data File #042736
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a sucessful Perfect Dodge.
Hit Rush Master
Fully upgrade the Legatus.
Type R Bowgun Legion
Arm Nemesis
I'm writing another one of these things because what else am I going to do? I got myself hurt again. It's the first time in a while they've had to haul me back to this hospital. I'm sorry to break the streak.\n\nThe last thing I remember before I woke up here was taking on some Beast-type chimera or other. I guess Jin and Alicia must've finished it off. Good to have some young blood on the team. It sounds like I was the only one who got hurt, so that's a relief.\n\nBut it makes me wonder how much longer I can keep doing this. I figure it's still ten years or so until the twins are officially adults, so I should hang in there until then. If this is the worst of it, I can stick it out another decade, just for them.\n\nI'm already tired of lying here in the hospital but they tell me rushing out will only land me back here again, for longer next time. I'll ask Jin to watch the kids for now. I'd rather have a couple more years before they learn to talk like Alicia.\n\n(Maximilian Howard)
Roy Stewart
Rank: Silver
Ark Data File #053631
Researcher F (Archer)
Jena Asymptote
Researcher M (Sword)
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nOne of its arms has mutated into a large sword, which it uses to attack.
Take a photo of SA-R036 running wild.
ARI data breach\n\nThe ARI has notified us of a potential data leak. Highly classified information is believed to have left ARI walls. A high level of security clearance is required to access the data in question, so chances are extremely high that the leak is the doing of a mole within the ARI staff.\n\nDue to the nature of the data, it is imperative that the public not learn of the leak. Dr. Yoseph Calvert has ordered an internal investigation and security audit at the ARI.\n\nAlso due to the nature of the data, it is very likely that this data breach will become a police matter. All precincts are to have staff on standby in case the person responsible for the leak is identified.\n\nArk Police Department, Zone 10 - Criminal Affairs Bureau
Unlocking [HUDTEXT:CHANGE_TAG_TEXT ].\nAre you sure?
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIt has wings and can hover in midair like a winged chimera.
Hermit (Glove)
Vendor-3 is part of a series of vending machines that sells beverages throughout the Ark.\n\nVendor-3 comes equipped with an AI that helps customers shop and makes small talk. This AI recognizes specific customers and provides specialized recommendations, no matter which Vendor-3 unit they use. Sometimes, the AI seems almost frighteningly sophisticated.\n\nAt least it does for most Vendor units. Despite having the same advanced AI as any other Vendor, this one seems to enjoy mimicking robots of a significantly older vintage.
Ted Garcia
Red Case Closed Lv.1
Highway Junction
Blue Case Closed Lv.4
Get the tarp from the toilet in File 02.
Aberration F (Archer)
Aberration M (Sword)
BEA-C-86C3D-01
The Holy Order of the Digital Hermit is a gang of hackers that keep a close eye on everything in Sector V and beyond.\nTheir base, an abandoned high-rise, affords them a bird's-eye view of the entire camp. The only thing in the exclusion zone higher than the Hermits' building is their ambition.
POW-C-27E37-00
Change your name.
The Ark subway boasts a massive fleet of state-of-the-art train cars. Completely automated and self-regulating, these trains dart from zone to zone in mere minutes.\nAdvanced mag-lev systems make it so passengers barely notice they're moving at all.
ARM-C-D51C6-00
Perfect Dodge + Sync
Slime Splatter: File 03
Return your HUD to default settings?
R3-16: Harmony Square
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a sucessful Perfect Dodge.
A Shining Example
Multitasker
You cannot register [HUDTEXT:ITEM_NAME ].
Perfect Dodge + Sync
Watch out for Hackers!\nA notice from the Ark Police\n\nReports of damages caused by a hacker group calling themselves the "Hermits" are increasing throughout the Ark.\n\nWe in the Ark Police vow to expand our investigations into hacker activities. Until the individuals responsible are brought to justice, we ask that all citizens take great care in their use of all electronic devices and computer networks. Be sure to change your personal passwords often, especially those tied to banking services.\n\nBe warned: The Hermits are prepared to use any manner of trickery to acquire your personal information. A skilled hacker can steal your password and commandeer your information in a matter of seconds.\n\nSigns you may be under hacker attack:\n- You find records of bank withdrawals you don't remember making\n- Credit card and cashchip histories show unexplained transactions\n- You receive receipts from delivery orders you don't remember placing\n- You find your cashchip suddenly unusable\n\nIf you have evidence that could be useful in investigations against the Hermits, contact the Ark Police at REDACTED right away! Please do not attempt to contact the police via electronic mail, because the Hermits may be reading it right now!\n\n(Ark Police Public Dispatch no. 3495)
Duty Report: 07/12/2068
The Nemesis form of the Arm Legion. Without an Astral Chain to regulate it, chimeric instinct drove the Legion to seek out and attack Jin Wong.\n\nThe Arm Nemesis resurfaced at Ark Mall to attack Jin. This attack, as well as the Arrow Nemesis' attack on Akira, led Yoseph to theorize that Nemesis Legions deliberately attack their former controllers.
An advanced version of the Arrow Legion with reinforced regulatory systems, tuned for use by the Raven Corps.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nOne of its arms has mutated into a large sword, which it uses to attack.
Faced with a desperate situation, Jena Anderson took Blue Evolve, forcing her own redshift and growing into a fully aberrant state.\n\nJena's advanced form resembles a Wing-type chimera. She can fly gracefully and at high speed.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arm has mutated into a bow, which it uses to fire energy shots from a distance.
July 2, 2078\nOfficial public statement re: the existence of chimeras as a vector for corruption.\n\nThe following notice is approved by the UNION government for public dissemination.\n\nAs we are now aware, the gates that plague our city bring more than atmospheric contamination. In the course of investigating the activities of known terrorist Jena Anderson, the UNION government became aware of the existence of lifeforms called chimeras, which enter our world through the gates to further the spread of corruption.\n\nA UNION committee is currently investigating the nature of Anderson's connection to these chimeras.\n\nArk residents should be aware that chimeras are very physically powerful, and generally invisible to the naked eye. However, please be assured that there is no need to panic. The Ark was constructed with avoiding corruption in mind. In addition to the shelters already established for use during mass gate outbreaks, the UNION government has prepared further measures to protect you from chimeric attack. Foremost among these measures is a new, counter-chimeric force within the Ark Police: The Raven Corps.\n\nThe Raven Corps is a team of highly qualified officers, the very best the Ark Police have to offer, tasked with protecting the city from this invisible threat. Outfitted with cutting-edge weaponry developed at the Aegis Research Institute, these Ravens will soon be mobilized to ensure the safety of every zone on the Ark.\n\nThe captain of the Raven Corps is an exceptional officer named Akira Howard. Though young, Howard was hand-picked by Dr. Yoseph Calvert, the ARI's foremost authority on the Astral Plane, to lead the corps.\n\nFurther information on chimeras and the Raven Corps will be made available at an upcoming UNION press conference, date TBA.
Earn an S+ rank in Lappy Balloon.
A Neuron officer who collects combat data on his squadmates for personal analysis. Roy might be the most knowledgeable on the force when it comes to tracking everyone's capabilities.
To All Zone 10 Police Officers
Complete the archives.
Officer (Sword)
Vendor-3 (Retro)
Adopt the cat in File 02.
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have become gigantic, and it uses them to attack wildly.
Filthwing (Claw)
R2-7: Ark Mall
Codename: Nemean\n\nA larger, more cunning variation of BEA-C-86C3D-00. It generates harsher cold than its smaller cohort.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nOne of its arms has mutated into a large sword, which it uses to attack.
R1-W: Sector V
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arm has mutated into a bow, which it uses to fire energy shots from a distance.
The subway isn't the only way to get around the Ark. A large system of elevated highways spans the island.\nCivilian cars on the Ark are self-steering and powered by electricity. The highways themselves function as a touchless charging station, so theoretically, a car could drive a continuous circuit around the entire Ark without stopping once.
A Neuron technician who specializes in creating combat items. Ted's "toys" are popular among his fellow officers, since they're often more effective than general-issue equipment.\n\nTed's personal favorites are explosives. He even likes to collect and compare the different sounds they make.
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a sucessful Perfect Dodge.
Codename: Arke\n\nAn Arm-type chimera that generates extreme cold when attacking, sometimes freezing its opponent.
Trains
A Power-type chimera that uses its huge body for devastating attacks and shocks prey with electricity.
Hermit Base
Unlock one Arrow Legion node in Legion Learning.
Perfect Dodge + Sync
Red Matter Remover: File 03
Sword Scholar
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have become gigantic, and it uses them to attack wildly.
R2-3: Ark Transport
A larger, more cunning version of BEA-C-AF063-00. When injured, it calls packs of its smaller cohort to defend itself and counterattack.
Clean up more than 80 percent of the Red Matter in File 02.
A lively, bustling zone, designed to serve as something of a hub between the Ark's different residential districts. Zone 36 has a distinct culture and flavor of its own, different from Harmony Square.
Codename: Scylla\n\nA Serpent-type chimera that alternately burrows and resurfaces, attacking with freezing cold.
A human being whose corruption levels rose beyond the redshift threshold, transforming them into a mindless monster. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nOne of its arms has mutated into a large sword, which it uses to attack.
Started "[HUDTEXT:MISSION_NAME ]"
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a sucessful Perfect Dodge.
 Vendor-3 (Buggy)
Precious Memories
Complete File 01.
Codename: Gyges\n\nA Power-type chimera that uses its huge body for devastating attacks and freezes prey with harsh cold.
An affable member of Neuron's tech division who's always looking to push the limits of X-Baton technology. Tabitha puts her all into X-Baton mods and maintanence.
Feline Friend: File 03
Complete File 01 with an S+ rank.
An amalgam of Akira and their Legion, formed when Akira was nearly killed by a battalion of clones. Self-preservation instincts caused the Legion to fuse with Akira, keeping the pair alive.\n\nThe resulting amalgam is very powerful, but causes Akira to lose their individual will and attack indiscriminately, much like a Nemesis Legion.
Formerly a researcher at the Aegis Research Institute, Brenda is now Neuron's chief medical officer. Brenda is no typical medic; as head of Neuron's infirmary, her work demands an intimate knowledge of chimeras and the Legion project.\n\nBrenda's scientific prowess is considerable enough for even Yoseph to take notice. She greatly admires him and trusts in his judgement.\n\nBrenda is often strict with officers who come to her for treatment, but many of them appreciate her no-nonsense attitude. Since getting to know Olive, whose carefree demeanor contrasts with Brenda's more reserved personality, she's started trying to lighten up a bit.\n\nBrenda's greatest secret is her extensive collection of Lappy merchandise.
Duty Report: 04/03/2078
Grants a Sync Attack chance after a sucessful Perfect Dodge.
Gates to a new scientific renaissance!\n\nEasy though it is to assume that the gates bring nothing but disaster to our planet, such an assumption disregards the tremendous technological advancements they've made possible.\n\nOne of these advancements is the X-Baton, a portable weapon of unparalleled flexibility, now standard issue for our police force.\n\nThorough research into the gates has led to whole new fields of scientific study, particularly the exciting field of astral dynamics. We've even been able to harness some of the Astral Spark—the energy given off by the gates—and turn it towards human ends.\n\nThe X-Baton itself is one such end. Powered as it is by the Astral Spark, the X-Baton can affect the gates in ways conventional weapons can't. With enough force, it can even be used to destroy gates, closing them for good. Our police carry considerable extradimensional power in the palms of their hands.\n\nThis is but one of the ways that we have learned to turn the power of the gates themselves to our own advantage.\n\n(Excerpt from Dr. Yoseph Calvert's collected notes, "Per Aspera Ad Arcam")
A Who's Who of Hermits
Officer (Glove)
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have become gigantic, and it uses them to attack wildly.
Dig up your first buried item with the Beast Legion.
Whaddya know, it's Christmas Eve!\n\nBut chimeras don't celebrate Christmas, so Neuron can't take the night off to soak in the holiday season either. And ol' Lappy's right here with you! Why, I can't think of a better way to spend the holidays than hunkering down here in the office with all of you! There's no present nicer than a job well done, right? RIGHT??\n\nBut it IS Christmas after all, so I made cookies!\n\nI know last year's weren't exactly the tastiest (who could forget Joey's hilarious impression of a guy vomiting??), but I've been working my recipe and I think this batch is perfect!\n\nI can't wait until you're all back so I can spread some Christmas cheer! And don't you worry if you didn't get Lappy anything. Your smiling faces are the only present I need! (Even yours, Joey.)\n\nSincerely yours,\nLappy
SER-C-1B050-00
Zone 36
BEA-C-AF063-01
Aberration M (Glove)
Defeat the rare chimera (GEL-C-A070C-00) in File 02.
Hermit (Sword)
Load save data.
Complete your first blue case.
Using [HUDTEXT:ITEM_NAME ].\nAre you sure?
Complete all red cases.
Nature Calls: File 03
This Vendor-3 unit somehow found itself in the Astral Plane. It still works, but the unstable environment has taken a toll on the AI.
Perfect Dodge + Sync
R3-A2: Astral Plane 
R3-12: Harmony Square
Tabitha Bernard
POW-C-C5BD6-00
This will remove the ability from the\nBeast Legion. Are you sure?
Case Reports:\n\nC00012\nStatus: Closed\nInvestigation Log: Filed (LOG-ID C00012_NJ002_030478)\nSummary: Disposal of one humanoid chimera and four civilian aberrations in Grand Avenue, Zone 36.\nOfficers involved: Max Howard, Jin Wong, Alicia Lopez.\n\nPaperwork was properly filed and authorization granted prior to the disposal of the aberrations. Captain Howard handled the disposal of all targets.\n\nDue to a malfunction in Captain Howard's log apparatus during action, no direct log remains. However, we were able to requisition footage from surrounding security cameras. This footage is submitted in lieu of a formal log.\n\nWe were unable to confirm a dramatic increase in corruption in the area, and thus withdrew, leaving decontamination to the cleanup crew.\n\nBeyond the four aberrations, no civilian injuries are recorded. Captain Howard was lightly injured in the conflict, but no more than he usually is.\n\nNotes:\nWe could really use more officers capable of responding to incidents like this one.\nI'm aware that the issue is one of control—namely, our inability to control the Legions beyond stopping them from going berserk. (I'm also aware that even that is a fairly recent development.)\n\nOfficer Wong has made more progress than the rest of us in accurately guiding his Legion. Maybe I should pay more attention to the captain's training, too. If nothing else, I'll try to stay out of the way and not make anything worse.\n\n(Alicia Lopez)
Brenda Moreno
Akira-Legion Fusion
Photo: Daddy Dearest
The Legion's C-Scale is too low.
Complete the game with rank A or higher on Pt Standard or higher.
Ark Data File #001953
Perfect Dodge + Sync
X-Baton Master
A human who redshifted in a location with particularly strong ties to the Astral Plane, making them more aggressive than other aberrations. Unfortunately, there is no way to change them back.\n\nIts arms have become gigantic, and it uses them to attack wildly.
Lappy's Christmas Eve 2077!
Researcher M (Glove)
Use Blue Shield the specified number of times.
A Gel-type chimera with a flexible, rubbery body. It can expand its body to attack, as well as spew mucus from its mouth. 
Take a photo of Olive holding an X-Baton in Blaster mode.
Blueshift the specified number of civilians.
Chimeradicator Lv.3
Gene Code Glutton Lv.2
BEA-C-B37F9-00
Retirement Fund Lv.3
Colloquially referred to as an "egg," this organic body is more like an incubator for homunculi. It absorbs chimeras and chimeric data directly from the Astral Plane and feeds it to protolegion cores that Jena stole from the ARI. New homunculi are formed around these cores inside the egg.
A colossal living weapon created by Jena Anderson.\n\nThe pinnacle of homunculus evolution, this version is bipedal like the Gamma homunculus—but significantly larger.
Maison Forest
Slime Splatter: File 10
R1-15: Highway
R1-6: Water Bureau
Sync Attack Master
Any unsaved progress will be lost.\nAre you sure?
Chimeras: Beast
Unlock all Axe Legion nodes in Legion Learning.
A Humanoid-type chimera that specializes in vicious claw attacks. It is highly agile and often hunts in packs, making it difficult to defeat.
Starting co-op play.\nAre you sure?\n\nThe main character and Legion can be\ncontrolled separately by two players.
Five-Story Pagoda
CASUAL
GEL-C-A68D2-00
Reckoning: S+
Return to Title
Status
Homunculus Δ
Homunculus Egg
Codename: Teumessian\n\nThis Beast-type chimera's body generates a thick fog. It uses this fog to confuse its prey, snatching those lost in the fog and taking them to the Astral Plane. It attacks using electricity when confronted.
A neighborhood full of high-rise apartment buildings that loom over the streets like a forest canopy. Most buildings in the area are showing signs of age.
Red Matter Remover: File 10
Reckoning
Wear and remove equipment.
One of the most famous buildings in Zone 36.\nClassical Asian architecture and the soothing sound of bells give sightseers and passers-by alike a taste of refined antiquity.\n
Switch to the selected color.
HUM-C-F5DB3-00
Feline Friend: File 10
A local police officer with a sense of justice almost as strong as his love for samurai movies. His greatest goal in life is to be promoted to detective, and he pursuses all of his police duties with singleminded vigor. He finds it very difficult to let things go.\n\nEventually, his dogged refusal to just drop it leads him to track down the remnants of an organization bent on destroying the government itself.
One of the Ark's more populous residental districts.
[HUDTEXT:ITEM_NAME ] x [HUDTEXT:ITEM_NUM ] (Cash Exchange x [HUDTEXT:ITEM_OVER ])
Ark
Track the specified number of scents with the Beast Legion.
Set Legion skills.
Restless
Changed Play Style to [HUDTEXT:CHANGE_TAG_TEXT ].
GEL-C-B7904-01
Shallow, vain and oh-so-fashion-conscious, Alan is actually a hard worker, especially when Marie is watching. He's extremely jealous that the twins were issued Legions before he was, and determined to prove that he can do anything they can, Legion or not.
Hard Worker
Options
Missile Drone
Legion Learning
Nature Calls: File 10
R1-11: Water Bureau
Carlos Kajioka
R1-2: Zone 36
Zone 30
Use Power Charge the specified number of times.
Chimeras: Serpent
This will overwrite the data in this\nsave slot. Are you sure?
Chimeras: Speedy
You fight your way through chimeras and Akira clones in the ARI. Along the way, you reconnect with the original Akira.
Deleting selection.\nAre you sure?\n
Collect the specified amount of G.
Collect the specified number of Gene Codes.
Thanks to help from Hal and Olive, you make your way past security in the sewers. That's when the gates start to open.
Sommersault
Blueshifter Lv.3
A large Gel-type chimera. It has proportionally larger hands than other Gel-types, which it uses to attack. It also spits powerful beams of freezing mucus.
View Personal Database info.
Alan King
An autonomous support drone equipped with small rocket launchers, primarily used to defend against aberrations.
